unsettling. chiar creste in intensitate. in anumite scene. si in anumite imagini. la o a doua privire este o alta intelegere a personajelor, foarte tare.	4
Completely absurd. Well crafted and jumpscares are on point. Deliciously disturbing.	5
Original take on the "Guess Who's Coming To Dinner?" cliche that bends the genre to offer a few surprises as well as a few common tropes.	4
Moving and brilliant, an amazing satirical take on the generic white wealthy family.	5
While Get Out is a good film, it far from deserves a 99% on the tomatometer. To say a blatant rip-off of the Skeleton Key is just as masterfully directed as Kubrick's The Shining or 2001; A Space Odyssey is nothing more than foolishness. This movie is by no means impressively groundbreaking, it takes old tropes and adds a racial twist to them. By all means you definitely should watch this movie as it is one of the best of the decade, but it is foolish to raise this movie to the same platform as say Citizen Kane which was 20 years ahead of its time.	3
Predictable, yet Jordan Peele's attempt at a horror movie is well executed. The message reaches the audience effectively and the movie is brilliant in putting in hints (of the family's racism) early in the movie. If the movie is watched for a second time, the hints became much clearer.	5
A movie in the horror genre that actually makes you think about the societal norms and presuppositions about people that are different from us and not just cheer on or boo at the victims and or villains.	3
goes a bit super crazy bat sh*t towards end but almost perfect	4
One of the best movies this year.	4
Awesome movie! Must see! Freaky!!!	5
Good and unpredictable story line. Not my style of film though.	3
Thrilling,original and engaging, and funny at the same time. On top of that, very much on point in its social commentary, pointing out that racism is not just an issue with southern rednecks or the KKK, but very present in white left-wing circles as well.	4
I didn't find everything in this satirical horror movie to work as well as I hoped for. Despite that minor criticism, I consider Get Out to be a well-made movie from a director whose career started as a comedian. What makes Get Out great is not its subtle nightmare fuel, its humour especially from its comic relief, the hero's best friend or its scare fake-outs but the fact that it's an effective social commentary. The third act goes full-on psychological horror and even gets to give the comic relief friend a sense of purpose. If there's one thing I love in these type of movies, it's the protagonist getting to destroy the evil in the climax. There are five visual puns relating to black and white in one scene, can you spot them? For a movie called Get Out, I wasn't compelled to leave for any reason whatsoever...why did that sound a lot wittier in my head? Get Out gets rid of such mundanities as jumpscares and shaky camera in favour of more subtle frights and a social commentary that's every bit as thought-provoking as it is humorous.	4
Get Out is too much of a horror movie for me. I'm just not a fan of the genre 99% of the time. But there are some interesting ideas at play in it that I'd love to see explored in other genres...like sci-fi.	2
One of the best movies of this year.	5
Get Out is a masterpiece, the beauty of this film is that the horror is very real, it is a psychological gem that puts you at the forefront of racism, director Jordan Peele has said he plans to make more films like Get Out and if they are as good as Get Out, there will be exciting times ahead for the director.	5
Brilliant and original	5
You have to resort to horror movies to see anything fresher, but then you can't sleep.	4
Enjoyable movie that was intriguing throughout, only concern is it's predictable plot.	3
It was fun to watch, the soundtrack is decent, and the characters were amazing	5
"Get Out"...And I Will Tell You This, It Is The Best Suspense-Thriller Movie I Have Ever Seen Since "The Shining".The movie delivers a twist that you won't expect from start to the climax, some scenes were humorous but still the intensity climbs up at a certain pace...And The Jump Scares Will GET Ya! Muhahaha (sinister laugh) I Literally Kicked My Computer Stand (No Sh*t) hahahaha ??.I LOVE IT! And For That I Give The Movie A 10 out of 10 :) This Film Really Deserves The 99% Rating In Rotten Tomatoes	5
Jordan Peele has always done comedy, so I was worried that this would not work because he has simply never worked in the genre. I am so happy to say Get Out is amazing and deserves all of the praise it gets. So get out of Michael Bay movies and start watching movies like these.	4
Thought provoking, current, and clever, haven't seen a horror movie quite like this before.	4
Great movie, maybe the best of the year, but I feel like it's going to age really poorly, like Star Wars Episode 1	4
An intense horror film focusing on racism that hits the audience right where it hurts and leaves you feeling disturbed as hell. What makes this film so great is all of the symbolism and parallelism to actual racism in our world. It's horrifying because it's a very real subject. Jordan Peele has created a whole new genre of horror that is startlingly fantastic. You've GOT to see this film!	5
This movie very cleverly interprets the human condition, and really questions what exactly a horror film is supposed to be. Of course it has jump scares, but that's not really what makes the movie a part of the horror genre. The horror is in putting yourself alongside the main character, and seeing their experience. First with the cop who treats him unfairly, second with the parents who make off-hand remarks that hint at their racial insensitivity, and later with the reveal of the hypnotism. It uses mystery and intrigue to draw you into the lore and the background, and shakes you to the core with the very real aspects of humanity we see in the "horror" characters. To be honest, while the real ending certainly relieves the tension in the movie, and leaves you feeling satisfied that Chris makes it out alive, the real impact is that when you think Chris finally is free from the horrors of illegal brain transplanting and mind-control, in the alternate ending, he gets no happy ending. Rod doesn't save him, and he's ends up in jail for self defense against a family of psychopaths. And yet, the horror is the ridiculuous plot's parallel to reality. The parts of it you can see in day to day interactions. That's the real horror to me, and its what makes this movie one of a kind.	5
Excellent, timeless, groundbreaking, horror movie. Created an entire horror movie genre, "Social-Horror". Can't say enough good things about this movie. Excellent concept, excellent execution.	5
En iyi film listesinde üst s?ralarda olmas? beni üzdü zira daha güzelleri var. Martyrs(2008) ?rkç?l?ktan prim yapm?? bir film.	2
I am generally not a horror fan, but when I hear of one getting lots of praise I occasionally will watch. It was scary and the story was good, but definitely did not live up to the hype. It was a slow build up and in the end I was disappointed. I really feel like the whole reason for a lot of the attention this movie is getting is because of the racism aspect. I don't think that a movie should get high ratings just because it is addressing social issues.	2
A truly inventive and unique thriller! Funny, thrilling, and constantly thought provoking, it's truly something when an original property hits the mark this good!4/5 stars	4
the idea was good but terrible finish	2
It's good, I don't love it like everyone else does. It's still worth watching as it's smart. and clever. Just has no rewatchability for me.	4
I had heard this was a great movie, and I was not disappointed.I will first agree that as a white male, no matter how poor I grew up there is a lot of privilege and safety in who I was born as. I haven't had to walk in the shoes of a minority like that so my view on this is of course from the outside.I don't understand how its determined a comedy/horror movie. There were a couple of amusing parts but the whole thing reads like a horror movie, a very well written, well directed, well acted horror movie.The movie itself is a slow build up from the beginning. The actual action of the movie only starts towards the end, but Peele's story keeps you enthralled anyways. I really found myself liking the main character Chris and I was rooting for him the whole movie. His girlfriend Rosie wasn't my favorite as a character, but the actress did great herself it was just the character I didn't like.The hero of the movie to me though was Rod. He was pretty funny, and maybe that is why they call it a comedy, but I found he stole the show for me.The trailers are pretty straight forward with the story, but you will still enjoy it and there are still surprises. By the end of the movie I didn't trust white people and I pretty much embarrassed to be white by the end, although in full disclosure I don't really trust white people anyways and am embarrassed by them regularly, but that is beside the point.I can't recommend it enough that people should see this movie.The good: I was impressed with how much the story stuck with me. It was full of great acting, directing and writing and I would be happy to pay theater prices again to see more of Peele's stuff if he does this type of horror again.The bad: Nothing bad that I could point to.	5
Toda una sorpresa. No me la esperaba así tras ver el trailer, y me ha gustado.	3
simply amazing, Get Out is exciting, while it is scary is exciting,	5
after the extremely positive way it has been received - rated fresh by 176 of 177 critics at RT - with 89% approval from audiences - the one thing I felt sure of going in was I could not give it a thumbs down. That would just feel like contrarianism which I find so fundamentally lame. I mean, I hoped it would be good and I would not want to but . . . dammit, I have no choice. Thumbs down. It's not very good. I don't know what people are thinking. It has the feel of The Emperor's New Clothes to me. So it's a horror movie. That is just not a genre I love - so there's that - but even if you do, it's not that overwhelmingly great. The premise is very silly - but then that's true of many (most?) horrors - but okay, many people like silly horrors ---> but it's the degree of unanimity that makes no sense to me. It is getting a ton of credit for it's social commentary about racism. I have no idea what people are seeing. There are a few random observations about racism which are far from fresh that are only tangentially related to what happens. The lead actor is not good at all IMO and there is a really bad plot hole that falsely allows something critical to happen. I thought it might be a bit funny but no, not really. 4.4 out of 10	2
Not my cuppa generally, but I especially disliked this one. I never really got pass the silliness of being able to hypnotize someone so easily.	2
Una de las gratas sorpresas de este año 2017, quizás muchos esperen ver fantasmas, maldiciones, sin embargo el verdadero terror proviene de la misma humanidad, algo parecido a lo que se vive actualmente en la unión americana, vía Donald Trump	5
hugely thrilling and filled with suspense.	5
A well made and creepy social commentary.	4
So good this is my favorite movie of all time	5
A fantastic horror film that may be destined to become a cult classic, Get Out marks Jordan Peele's directorial debut, and he makes quite the statement. Combining horror, comedy and biting modern satire, the film explores issues of racism and exploitation through the eyes of those who experience it, but never overtly criticises or calls out those who perpetrate it. Whatever its message it, it's coming from a very dark, unpleasant place, and the film packs in so many clever references, instances of foreshadowing and subtle hints that it would take several viewings to note them all. Peele expertly mixing tones, with some scenes containing a complete shift in mood out of nowhere, creating an atmosphere of constant paranoia and deep foreboding. The plot is what would likely happen if Alfred Hitchcock decided to make Meet The Parents, and the relatable situation that quickly spirals out of control is constantly engaging and also perversely fascinating. It loses its footing somewhat when it feels the need to spell out exactly what is going with an expository information video, but what comes before and after is some of the best filmmaking I've seen this year. Mr Peele asserts himself as a cinematic force to be reckoned with, and we can hopefully look forward to seeing more great material from him in the future.	4
One of the best movies I've ever seen, great storyline with a mix of funny, suspenseful, shocking etc.	5
Get Out: Thrilling, Smart, and Thought Provoking. Jordan Peele's thoughtful masterpeice showcases modern horror with subtext and thought provoking themes about modern racial diversity, all while being mysterious and innovating.	5
Interesting idea but poorly executed. At best this film is a better than decent horror film. Highly overrated by critics for its social message	3
A clever cat-and-mouse game setting against typical racial stereotypes, but the scariest moments come from the maid undoubtedly.	3
Stupid, senseless, idiotic!	1
Some really chilling scenes. Well written and grounded by the actors. Cool Twilight-Zone-esque concepts too.	5
dont understand all the commotion around this movie...	1
Over loved but good nonetheless	4
One of the worst horror movies that I have ever seen. I don't get why it is so praised by almost everyone. Not scary, not creepy and definetly not unsettling. The only disturbing thing was the amount of propaganda this movie had. I thought that the premise was really clever too involve racism in horror and entwine the two. Maybe could have had some other form of racism so it was a little more subtle perhaps? Or go full bonkers with it but not this not even mediocre piece of garbage, As you understand I really hated this movie. Not because the propaganda. I hated it because GET OUT was a bad horror movie. But hey! That's just my opinion. (Sorry for my english). I did however like Ron and the fight scenes. That's why I am not giving this movie one star.	1
Better than most suspenseful movies	4
While not as terrifying or funny as one might hope, Get Out does succeed in style, great performances, and a satisfying ending, even if most of the movie feels more like build-up towards that moment.	3
After all the hype, what a bag of shite, been more scared watching my little pony.	1
Watch this movie !!! Horror movie but very unexpected type of horror.......	4
It's funny and different and using race as topic. So daring! In terms of a horror and being scary nope no where close! Disappointed actually as a horror	3
A breath of fresh air	4
Loved it! This came out if nowhere. I heard it was good but I was pleasantly surprised how well the flick mixed social tension, humor, and horror elements. Very good.	4
????!!! ???????????????????? 3.5/5	3
Get Out is unique, captivating and, at times, absolutely uncomfortable. I wasn't sold on Daniel Kaluuya as the lead initially-he seemed kind of wooden-however, by the end, I was completely sold on his performance. And the rest of the cast adds to the suspenseful ambiance of this film. Jordan Peele has proven himself as a hilarious comedian, now he can also check the box next to talented writer/director.	4
Best movie of 2017 so far. Definitely a must-watch.	4
Best movie storie telling. Love this	5
Engaging, entertaining, and suspenseful, this is what a great horror film looks like, while able to not take itself too seriously.	4
Interesting concept, love the acting, ending was hilarious and unexpected for a horror movie	4
One might be repulsed by the idea of a horror film that uses the depiction of a haunting white family conspiracy to represent the current situation of racism in America, yet Get Out, directed by Jordan Peele, illustrates a crucial message. In Brandon Harris's review "The Giant Leap Forward of Jordan Peele's Get Out," Harris explains this film's undeniable importance to today's society by analyzing the film's metaphorical meanings, and also bringing this film's history to light. Harris recalls the horrific moments that stick with the viewer, such as when Chris "...discovers that black solidarity, all hints of the cultural traits that he assumes [Logan] must be familiar with, have been ground out of him" (6). Here, Peele shows how tight of an emotional hold that racism can have on the black population, and emphasizes the crippling effects of a lack of opportunity. Later, Harris also outlines that "Peele spent many years trying to get financing for the movie ..." (2) and that he believed its official release to be "impossible" (9). This shows that the very underlying racism addressed in Get Out is affecting Hollywood, as this genre of movie is so difficult to produce. Racism still and has always been a restricting problem in America, and Harris's review helps bridge the gap between the realistic and fictional aspects of the film revealing the movie's importance in the progression of black cinema. Get Out is significant, in that it represents a blunt assessment of the crippling racism that is still present in society.	4
This is one of the best new horror films I've seen. It's really creepy and has the perfect seasoning of social commentary and comedy. I can't wait to see what Jordan Peele does next.	5
At first I was disappointed because the movie seemingly went for the obvious twist. However, once it became clear that this was part of one big bait-and-switch, the movie takes a brilliantly audacious turn that completely subverts expectations and I realised I've been had all along. Well played movie!	4
Best movie of 2017 hands down	5
Although it is simple and somewhat predictable this film is still very enjoyable due to the talented actors and satisfying conclusion.	4
This is not horror, this is a thriller and it does an amazing job in making the audiences heart beat faster and faster throughout the movie. What is unique about this is the way it covers racism, not following the Hollywood playbook, but rather taking its own path on the matter.	4
Finally watched Get Out and Dam this was a krazy azz movie. I kind of wish I knew less about the plot before seeing this, but it was still very fun to watch nonetheless. The overall story of this movie was very interesting and knowing that it came for a director doing this on his own for the first time was also interesting. All the actors in the movie did a very good job as well. I really liked the main two characters in this movie. The lead black dude did a very good job of playing his role and didn't come off too naive like other characters in similar movies. His girlfriend was very convincing in her role too. And her actions kept me pondering through the whole movie. My only small nitpicks with this movie comes at the beginning where I felt the characters weren't subtle enough and everything felt a little too off at the beginning. I think it would have been better if things were played a little bit more normal and started to gradually get more weird. I also think the movie could have been a little bit longer. When I was just starting to get into the story it was already starting to wrap up. I kind of wish they could have spent a little bit more time in that environment and played with the themes a little bit more. but other than that I liked this movie a lot. And it's not a bad way to start off October. 4/5 #HalloweenMovieRotation	4
Get Out resorts to a both comical and scary approach to deliver a well-crafted social critique thanks to a brilliant debut from Jordan Peele.	4
Um rapaz negro que namora uma garota branca vai passar o fim de semana na casa dela, porém acaba descobrindo que a familia dela transforma seus namorados em zumbis através da hipnose e que sua namorada na verdade só está lhe recrutando... no final ele mata todo mundo e corre!!!!	5
Inventive. Didn't see that coming. Surprisingly hilarious.	3
A great directional debut from Jordan Peele featuring a great combo of horror and comedy for any horror fan. A.	5
Like a good episode of the Twilight Zone. Terrific movie, nothing at all bad to say about it. Just WATCH IT without watching any of the trailers and/or reviews.	5
Too predictable from beginning to end.	3
SPOILER ALERT:The movie was pretty awesome until the climax when they revealed that their whole agenda was to perform a pseudo brain transplant in which the antagonist had his own head sawed open? Not sure wtf that was... First of all why and then to think that enough well heeled people could be brought together with that inclination in the first place. If two people with the same desires along these lines met randomly at any point in their lives it would be beyond shocking. Talk about a race based ego trip. No we don't all wanna be black! Then she called the black guy her grandpa at the end lmao ??Anyways I'm still giving it 4 & 1/2 stars cause it was really good all the way until that point. Except for when he drew the conclusion that the maid must have a crush on his girlfriend because she disconnected his phone. That's a little bit of a stretch of the imagination. Maybe something more broad like "These people seem upset about something" Or how he got the impression that the demented groundskeeper was interested in his girlfriend. That didn't make any sense.	4
Well done to the director because when I was watching it at home I s**t myself thinking that the victim wouldn't get to safety	5
Wow this movie is literally perfect. This movie has some of the creepiest scenes in a horror film I've ever seen and I'm a huge horror fan. The acting, the cinematography and the beautiful score is flawless. If you love horror or just film in general this is gonna blow your mind!	5
One of the best horror movies in years!	5
A little bit overrated	4
Get Out is a great film. While I usually avoid "psychological thrillers" because they're too cliché ridden, this film wisely eschews formula and goes for social satire as well as some postmodern psychological farce. A nice balance of comedy and horror with memorable performances, directed by Jordan Peele, who I'll keep an eye on.	4
Fresh take on the psychological horror genre. Looking forward to seeing future Jordan Peele projects.	3
Not as good as the hype around it, but a decent thriller-horror mix, some strange, funny individuals, and an incredibly not-so-subtle,-like-at-all racist commentary. But it was quite predictable. I was on to the twist from very early on.	3
Have I missed something or is this film waaayyy over hyped!! An interesting spin on the whole 'Stepford Wives' idea, but badly let down by a truly naff ending. Diasppointed	1
Horror/comedy - a tough combo, but this might be the benchmark. A great premise...well executed.	4
i enjoyed this film, i dont think its really worth 99% though	4
This is a great flick that captures current social issues, suspense and a good story. It was entertaining, edgy and captivating. The conversations that occur with Chris and any of the white guests shows the audience issues and stereotypes that are still regular interactions which is educational in return.	4
Smart, funny, and dramatic all combined into a very nice movie.	3
Good story, great acting,interesting concept.	4
Gran pelicula!! de mis top 5 del año	4
Disturbingly insightful and truly appropriate for our times.	4
Review:This is one messed up film! Now that I have finally watched it, I can understand why some people found it quite disturbing but the ending brought some justice to the whole messed up situation. Daniel Kaluuya plays a black photographer, Chris Washington, who is in a happy relationship with his white girlfriend Rose Armitage (Allison Williams). They decide to go to Roses parents house, and he soon realises that they have a weird outlook towards black people. With a black woman and man as there servants, and various statements about his colour, he bites his tongue and he attends there annual party, which also leads to more racial comments. When Chris finally decides to leave, he is faced with an unbelievable situation which leads him to fight for his life. I was definitely shocked with the outcome of this movie, and I wasn't expecting the various twists and turns throughout. It's not everyday that you see a film were the black underdog, triumphs with all the odds stacked up against him, so I have to give the director the thumbs up. The ending seemed a bit abrupt, and it does take some time to get going but once it does, you can't fault it for originality. Personality, I would have got out of the house after the first day, especially after seeing how weird the servants were but I can understand that he was in love with his girlfriend, which is why he was willing to put up with ignorant behaviour from the messed up family and friends. Anyway, I enjoyed the movie and it's definitely worth a watch. Enjoyable!Round-Up:This is the first movie directed by Jordan Peele, 38, who is known for his comedic series Key & Peele, alongside Keegan-Michael Key. The shock success of this movie, brought him to the main stream, and with Keanu also doing well at the box office, the only way is up for the dynamic duo. Although Daniel Kaluuya isn't a household name, he has starred in Cass, Welcome to the Punch, Kick Ass 2, Sicario and the series Skins, so he has had some experience in front of the camera. He definitely brought some intensity to the project, and it was good to see him use his brain towards the end.Budget: $4.5millionWorldwide Gross: $252.5millionI recommend this movie to people who are into their horror/mysteries, starring Daniel Kaluuya, Allison Williams, Catherine Keener, Bradley Whitford, Caleb Landry Jones, Marcus Henderson and Lakeith Stanfield. 7/10	3
What a bold and original concept! Jordan Peele was given creative liberty and he delivered spectacularly. Great film!	4
4 out of 5 stars! This was a pretty good movie and a clever idea for a horror thriller. Very timely too.	4
Great movie with one exception. Why do writers and/or directors always have the cliche scene when someone goes to the police and the police don't believe them? Totally unbelievable and really took me out of the movie I was so engrossed in.	4
Get me more of this, please.	5
Finally saw it. Better than expected. Love the ending.	5
Really enjoyed this film.	5
Very well put together---good plot	4
Holy shit. This film was nothing short of a brilliant mind creating a brilliant work of art.	5
Solid! A great combination of scary and funny, well acted and very well paced, all while staying with the confines of plausibility.	4
Deserves best movie of 2017!	5
A fun, creepy ride from start to finish. Thought I had this figured out and while I was on the right track, I was just surprised enough at the end to be completely satisfied with it.	4
Great acting, great story and lots of suspense from beginning to end.	5
A modern dark fairy tale which unfolds in on itself in socially inspired angles - this can only be described as a supernatural magic trick. See also: Psycho, Black Mirror, Being John Malcovich	4
Creative, funny and scary all in one	5
Funny horror that actually works. Doesn't mess around with the racism themes which adds to the intensity. *Seen at Palace Westgarth, Northcote, 12 May 2017*	4
The political analogies are much more interesting than what's actually happening on the screen, though it's formally fun in that first-time-director way. I loved how audacious it is in using racially loaded imagery in service of an ostensible horror movie, but my problem was that I accidentally figured out pretty much the whole plot at the end of the first act, so spent the last hour of the movie waiting for various shoes to drop. And drop they did. Kinda sucked some of the fun out of it.	3
Nothing short of phenomenal.	5
How the critics give this ridiculousness 99% is beyond me. I gave it 2.5 stars for a decent slow burn first half of the film.	2
This film is very clearly showing the element of racism. But, fortunately, the Peele is a very genius in making the film. He seems to be trying to convey an important message to his audience. This film may be considered very successful in the world of film, especially in the world of horror movies because the story has another alternative in a horror story.	4
Lots of fun mocking the 'progressive' crowd, who are usually the biggest racists of all, combined with a thrilling story.	4
A little slow to start, but it was building fast...lots of tension...a real edge-of-the-seat thriller.	5
Get Out has you tilting your head for a while, but as you slowly realize what is going on, you get to truly appreciate the true wonder of the film, which is its brilliant acting and pacing.	5
La película es interesante y da un giro inesperado.	4
An original thriller tackling with race without having to use cliches, along with great timed comic relief throughout, amazing twists and insanely in depth details and clues.	5
Meh, not all it was cracked up to be. After reading all the reviews, I expected so much more. It was pretty good up until the end and then it just got stupid. I won't spoil it but I was pretty disappointed by the end.	3
Literally the biggest surprise of 2017, plenty of plot twists, and solid performances. I remember leaving the theater like "woah"!	5
This is a combination horror/comedy; lots of both. Sometimes predictable, sometimes surprising. No matter what you think halfway through, watch until the very end.	4
This was sooo good! Smart, scary, funny, well-acted. I can't say enough good things about this film.	5
Brilliant and well-executed. Everything is done with such precision and consciousness that it works on many levels. I rarely enjoy a horror-type movie, but this has purpose and a confident style. It doesn't use cheap scares or gore to frighten. It's worth a few viewings to explore the contextual references.	4
Frustrating, irritating and underwhelming. The fact the critics ratings are this high baffles the mind.	1
I've heard a lot of mixed reviews but this was a really good movie! I'm not really into movies but I know a good movie when I see one. I really didn't know what to expect. I definitely recommend this movie!! Be prepared to have your heart racing..	5
Definitely not your run-of-the-mill horror flick, but one that has the stamp of Jordan Peele all over it. At first I had no idea how the comedy and horror would interweave, but I see it's akin to Zombieland (2009) - the premise is ludicrous and there are comedic moments (Rod!), but the movie itself remains scary.Speaking of - 'Get Out' is unnerving and chilling in that, at its heart, it is a dramatic social commentary. However, it's not exactly terrifying and perhaps is best described as a psychological thriller than a true horror film.It remains, however, pretty entertaining (Rod!) and takes you on a bewildering ride that is sure to get you to react, somehow. Sure, the music might not be the best (despite the horror genre seemingly relying on cheesy SFX) and even too overt, but Peele has done an incredible job of creating an ever-escalating experience with a smaller budget.Definitely worth a try.Edit: Increased for its rewatch value. The detail to filler ratio in this is incredible.	4
Well, damn. It was a bit on the nose at parts and the horror sounds early on were a a bit jarring (even though I knew it was gonna shift tone) but then that 3rd act was just... wtf. Love seeing tropes subverted, especially in the end. This was his first movie Peele directed? DIrect more, dude. You got it. And mad props on the one twist I didn't quite see coming...	4
Suspense acima da média, que funciona também como crítica ao preconceito racial.	4
The 99% rating by critics is very misleading. Get Out was a very good movie with some tense moments, solid acting and creepy music at the right times, but it was not a masterpiece. The ending seemed at tad rushed but overall, I greatly enjoyed the movie even if the plot was a bit predictable.	3
This a best horror film in 2017 year.	5
I found myself hugging a pillow in the middle of this movie. I've probably never been so scared in a movie in my life. This is probably one of the most original and weirdly entertaining movies I've seen in a very long time. I can't wait to see what else Jordan Peele has to offer. I loved this movie. Get Out: 100% A+	5
Massively overrated.	1
Wow, very different approach and scary.	4
I think the hypno stuff was a bit over the top, but I was interested and entertained the whole time	3
Very original ! Very enjoyable !	4
Freaked me out. Fun suspense movie. Loved the ending.	4
Perhaps I was expecting too much, was really looking forward to seeing Daniel Kaluuya in what is probably his big break, he was always excellent in the small things (even as a parking meter guy... yes that was pretty bad) But for me it was just slow and reminded me too much of a long version of Black Mirror with less of a bite but just clever writing.	2
Get Out is spooky, satirical, perverse, funny and provocative.	5
Not being the cliche jumpscare filled horror movies that come out today Get Out is a breath of fresh air. The scares are great and has you on the edge of your seat. It surprisingly is very funny also! It's a perfect horror film that exceeds on ever level. I may be over judging cause we haven't had any good horror films in forever but this is a great film.	5
Best movie I have ever seen. We need more movies like this.	5
A clever, intense dive into a horror that I've never seen the likes of before. Every scene is dripping with symbolism and every line teases at a horror the audience hasn't figured out yet. It harkens back to Hitchcock's classics with a focus on the story, the characters and a slow, tension filled build to it's climax. By far one of the best films of it's genre for the last 10 years.	4
This movie was weird, interesting, but ultimately kinda silly.	2
***FRESH PRINCE UNCHAINED MEETS DR. FRANKENSTEIN***	3
Daniel Kaluuya takes a weekend getaway with his ultra-liberal girlfriend, Allison Williams to meet the parents. What unfolds is an experience that is both uncomfortable and vastly alarming. Catherine Keener and Bradley Whitford play the parents who we find out appear to be in some sort of cult that have a fetishization with becoming black themselves. The combination of psychological and body horror give us a resonating psychological horror thriller that pushes the envelope of both terror and dark comedy. Jordan Peele makes a crucial statement about race in America and how our thinly veiled ideas of supremacy impact our society as a whole. An absolutely riveting film filled to the brim with intense performances and statements.	4
the ending was super surprisesing do to the fact that the guy got save at the end. cool ending.	5
I didn't get it until the end. Very confusing. makes me wonder. but anyways. totally worth an hour and 44 minutes of my time	4
Brilliant. Gripping, scary, funny, cringey & importantly sparks discussion over modern middle class racism.	4
Very strange/interesting but still lacks a lot still don't know how I fully feel!	4
Finally a mainstream horror movie without monsters.	4
do not like scary movies	3
'Get Out' deftly balances horror and comedy to produce a result which is both highly unnerving (and hilarious in places!)- something few directors achieve in modern cinema. Cliché is simply non-existent, as it keeps you guessing until the end... albeit sometimes in a rather long-winded way. And, racially, some Americans (mentioning no names, Mr President) should see this film, as - thematically- it is a near-masterpiece.Verdict: A-	4
Mildly scary horror movie about racist America	3
I mean, I told you not to go in that house.	5
It's too bad that the movie was shot fairly well, and had some decent "scary" moments. It's too bad, because the rest of the movie was just that. Bad. Random playful (and sometimes strangely morbid) dialogue appear to support Peele's confidence in the rest of the film's dialogue.The problem being that much of the dialogue is cringeworthy for someone who doesn't buy into the film's race-baiting. The presented racially-charged situations are presented as true to life paradigms and yet only succed in exposing Peele's bias to a false, fantastical black experience	1
Have you ever felt like somebody is watching you? Well, this thriller/comedy is letting you know that you're not alone. Plenty of greatness here.	4
Even though there wasn't a memorable, proper introduction of interest for Jordan Poole as an actor, his directorial debut already hit the big league when pulling off a modern, twisted "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" to casually, and sometimes humorously, address social commentaries in a calmly matter that's actually unsettling, a level before the creepy vibe gets felt. While the subtly accurate monstrous portrayal of the certain antagonistic skin provokes your thought on the social functions from the filmic perspective that makes up the horror genre portion and contributing to the overall creepy effect, it only got limited to be shown as implausible from the medically twisted procedure with slightly exaggeration from the hidden hatred. Peele did a splendid job on the director's chair to carry on his tastes and present his viewpoints through strings being well-pulled for the genre that fits, even if it went slightly beyond the un-clutched grasp. (B+)(Full review TBD)	4
An eery plot with the blatant undertones of racism. Well executed by this superb talented cast, it's message of racism and social injustices we're communicated with absolutely brilliance, all while keeping you at the edge of your seat.	5
Thrilling and uncomfortable to watch at times but littered with brilliant comedy that blends a great combination.	4
I've been flustered with the way movie trailers are being edited nowadays. Coupled with cheesy sound effects and too many cuts, they've become very formulaic; an equation, if you will. The trailer for Get Out capitalized on my skepticism of the modern trailer. Takes from the trailer are shot completely different from the final product. Subtleties like this altered the genre almost entirely, going from what appeared to be a cheap B-movie to a horror film with something to say. The trailer set a tone for the movie that was deceptively different from the final cut. Thankfully, the final cut broke away from what the trailer had me expecting. Genre bending is what makes Get Out so unique; mostly horror, part social commentary, with a hint of humor. In his directorial debut, comedian Jordan Peele knows how to convey his fears onto the big screen with grace. Daniel Kaluuya does a fantastic job in the lead as Chris, a black man with a white girlfriend on their way to meet her upper-class family. Interactions are extremely awkward from the very beginning, with the parents and friends constantly commenting on his race while attempting to make him more comfortable, giving it the opposite effect. Kaluuya makes us feel right there with him, as a stranger in a strange land. Chris is isolated, and as the viewer I felt that as well. Chris's living at the estate is essentially Peele's commentary on what he feels like to be the only black man in a room full of white people; and it's filled with claustrophobic anxiety. Despite the excellent acting, beautiful cinematography, and high-stakes tension, the twists were relatively foreseeable. In the end, Get Out's final act had me on the edge of my seat. Ignore the trailer and try to avoid yourself from forming any preconceived notions (such as it being a B-movie comedy, which it wasn't) and enjoy the ride.	4
We just watched this and it was quite the movie. Not for everyone but we found it entertaining.	4
An intense film of your worst nightmare. The thought of being trapped inside your mind only to have it controlled by someone else.	5
Taut, incisive, and provocative, Get Out is the horror-comedy film we didn't know we needed. From the brilliant mind of comedian-turned-director Jordan Peele, the film delivers a well-written, satirical blow to the situation encountered by African-Americans in 2017. This isn't a Key & Peele sketch nor is it Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, but the messaging is the same; just the packaging is different. With pitch perfect performances across the board, especially Daniel Kaluuya and Allison Williams, Get Out entertains from the first frame to the last, and will keep audiences talking for some time to come.	5
Effective as both a satire lased social commentary and a genuinely tense thriller, "Get Out" is a bold, rock solid directorial debut for Jordan Peele.	4
Thought provokingly creepy.	3
Lots of unexpected twists!	2
Peele did a good job in both the writing and cinematography of this movie. The story is original (though sometimes exaggerates its main point of focus, i.e. the contrast between high-class white people and working-class black people) and keeps developing over the course of its complete duration, causing the viewer to never lose focus or interest in what happens next - the ideal setup for a horror movie, so that it stays truly suspenseful. There are practically no lose ends to the plot, although the motivation and execution of the pictured malpractices seemed a little far-fetched to me at times, and even somewhat detached from the "reality" in which the story takes place. Overall, it's an authentic, thrilling and well-contained film; definitely worth the watch.	4
Friend was funny, guy ugly, wanted to transplant Brian into his body	3
SCOTT: (Dr. Scott Allison, Professor of Psychology, University of Richmond) Well, Greg, it s time to get out the old review pad and review this next movie.GREG: (Greg Smith, Founder of Agile Writers of Richmond, VA) Get out of town - let s recap...SCOTT: The story begins with a Meet the Parents-like scenario. Chris Washington (Daniel Kaluuya) is about to meet the parents of his girlfriend Rose Armitage (Allison Williams). Chris is concerned because Rose hasn t told her parents that he s Black, but she assures him it won t be an issue. They arrive at the home of Dean (Bradley Whitford) and Missy (Catherine Keener), and Chris notes the odd behavior of the African-American couple, Walter (Marcus Henderson) and Georgina (Betty Gabriel), who work for the Armitages. GREG: Chris is especially worried about Rose s mother, Missy s occupation - a hypnotherapist. He doesnt trust therapists at all and hypnotists least of all. Missy promises to cure Chris of his smoking habit. Later that night, when Chris is craving a cigarette, he goes out on the lawn for a smoke. He encounters the lawnkeeper going for a sprint. When he goes back inside, Missy is there stirring a teacup in a way that causes him to go into a hypnotic trance. She makes him relive his mother s death when he was a child. It s a chilling moment for him and for the audience. SCOTT: Greg, Get Out is both odd and oddly enjoyable. The movie taps into a great fear that many of us have involving the meeting of a significant-other s parents. We want everything to go well, and so good storytelling demands that things go poorly. In Get Out, everyone Chris meets at his girlfriend Rose s house is either slightly off or very much off . And it gets worse with time, leading one to wonder why Chris (along with every family in every haunted house movie) doesn t run fast and run far much sooner than he does. Despite operating from a predictable formula, this movie strays cleverly from it by focusing on racism in its ugliest forms. I was never able to quite figure out why horrible racists would want the consciousness of their loved ones to inhabit the bodies of what they consider to be racially inferior people. The racists seem to dwell on the so-called size and strength of African-Americans, but it still defies logic that white supremacists would perform this surgical procedure. In any event, the story follows a common pattern but does so in a fresh, albeit bizarre fashion, and the overall cinematic result is strangely enjoyable. GREG: To elaborate on what you re talking about, Scott, we have to let our readers in on the secret of the film: the aging white population of Rose s family is killing black visitors and exchanging brains with them. So, the elderly white folk are inhabiting the young bodies of such people as Chris whom Rose is enchanting and bringing home to their demise. It s a sort of Invasion of the Body Snatchers with elderly white folk as the pods. The story gives director Jordan Peele an opportunity to expose white racism by putting Chris in the special world of the fish out of water. And by fish I mean a black man and by water I mean a sea of elderly white folk. It s both embarrassing and embarrassingly funny to watch Rose s family touch Chris s hair, comment on his genetics, and praise Black celebrities ( I voted for Obama twice ).SCOTT: Chris follows a good hero s journey, being thrown into bizarre and dangerous circumstances. Unlike most hero stories, Chris receives no help; he s totally on his own, although we can t discount the assistance from afar from his pal Rod (LilRel Howery) back home who IDs Logan, the missing musician from Brooklyn. More than anything, Get Out is a story of survival, much like Gravity and the final act of Silence of the Lambs. The hero finds him/herself in the proverbial belly of the whale and does what it takes to basically not die. In terms of transformation, there is certainly a series of sinister physical transformations taking place at the Armitage s residence. Does our hero Chris transform during the story or as a result of the story? He certainly must summon up courage and resourcefulness to extricate himself from the dungeon of doom in the basement. This type of transformation in times of crisis is common in the movies (and in real life). We never see how Chris becomes a changed man in the aftermath of his ordeal, but we can infer with confidence that he s forever changed.GREG: With comedy and horror, story structure often gives way to shock value. Director Jordan Peele is half of the comedy duo of Key and Peele who have made a career of poking fun at racial issues. Both come from interracial families and have seen racism from both sides, now. Get Out is the culmination of Peele s comedy career and with it he continues to mine racism for humor - and now horror as well. So, it s no surprise when no one in the movie really transforms. Chris is probably scared straight on white women - or potentially romantic relationships - for a while. He s pretty much the same guy at the end of the film as he was at the beginning. However, the audience rose in cheers when Chris finally breaks his bonds and skewers Rose s brother with the antlers of a stuffed deer. There was definitely some catharsis for the viewers in my theater when he transforms from prey to predator - taking out the whole family one by one.SCOTT: Get Out shocked and entertained me for two hours, thanks to numerous creepy and memorable characters plus a grisly secret kept by the family whom our hero is trying to impress. The racism in the film was blunt and discomforting to a comic extent, which was probably the intent of the filmmakers. The performances by the cast were excellent and the storytelling was solid, despite the family secret defying logic from their racist perspective. I award this film 3 Reels out of 5. The hero s journey was bold and required a fierce independent spirit for our hero Chris to survive. It is a true story of survival requiring courage, resilience, resourcefulness, and necessary brutality. My only complaint is that Chris takes a little too long to ask Rose if they could leave the house. The minute that Walter, the groundskeeper, came at Chris at full speed at 3am at night was the minute that Chris should have hightailed it home to safety. But he stayed and paid the price, thereby treating us to a horrific ordeal from which he escapes. I give his heroism 3 Hero points out of 5. There isn t much in the way of overt transformations in this film, other than the obvious physical mutilations carried out by Dean and Missy Armitage. As I ve mentioned, Chris couldn t have extricated himself from the horror of his situation without transforming mentally, emotionally, and physically. These are the types of transformation we discuss in our latest book, and they happen when real world heroes confront emergency situations. Still, we never see Chris as a changed man after his ordeal, and so I can only award 2 Transformation deltas out of 5. Movie: Transformations: Heroes:GREG: Get Out is an uncomfortably comedic horror film. It s said there is truth in comedy. Surely the funniest moments in the film were of white people saying stupid things in the presence of a black man. Both white folk guilty of such moments and black folk who are subject to them feel a sense of discomfort that gives rise to humor. The image of white people taking on the bodies of black men and women may be a metaphor for white people adopting black culture: minstrels in blackface, tap dancing musicals, rock and roll music, and modern rap are all examples of how whites take on black culture and make it their own. And in so doing rob blacks of their own cultural identity. For holding up a funhouse mirror to American racial culture, I give Get Out 4 out of 5 Reels. In the typical horror movie, the protagonist commits some social sin (say, teenagers having sex, drinking alcohol, and smoking pot). Then they go somewhere they should not be going (say, into an abandoned house). And must pay the consequences (attack by an axe wielding madman). Chris is just such a character. He s defied social norms by dating outside his race. He is transported to a scary mansion where he meets the evil family looking to rob him of his brain and his life. It s not what I d call a hero s journey, but it is a classic horror plot. I give Chris 3 out of 5 Heroes. As we ve discussed, there isn t much transformation going on in Get Out. This story isn t so much about transforming the characters in the movie. But, perhaps, the people transformed are the viewers. We can laugh a bit at ourselves and become more aware of our latent and subtle racism. And so we can transform into more aware individuals. I give Get Out 3 out of 5 Deltas for transforming the audience. Movie: Transformations: Heroes:	3
kept me engrossed. the usual horror shouting at tv saying why did you turn left and not right or words to that effect.	3
A good idea, and delivered well, but some parts of the suspense made me laugh	4
Could of been darker!	4
Anytime you completely figure out a movie in the first few minutes, that's not a good thing. And the choice of African Americans as the victims (and no one else) makes zero logical sense and would appear to have been made solely for gratuitous box office reasons.	2
Really awesome performances by the leads. Amazing story too.	5
This is not a horror movie. It's a Comedy. It's about black folk that watches too much TV while sitting in the sunken place letting their brains to be washed with Liberal Marxist agenda ;) One of the best movies I have ever watched!	5
This movie is unnerving from beginning to end. It translates this chilling and uncomfortable environment effectively enough to match its head-on, no non-sense theme of total racism. Unfortunately it benefits more from its alternate ending than the theatrical one.	4
An excellent thriller/horror with a dash of humour. Captivating from the start and with a great storyline - it makes you feel uncomfortable throughout but for lots of reasons. Once I knew the ending I instantly wanted to watch it again with the benefit of knowing why things were happening. Pause and think again afterwards and the whole concept is quite plausible and made me feel uncomfortable on a very different scale.	4
Get Out deals with intense subject matter in a very successful and sometimes hilarious way, and actor Daniel Kalyuua does an excellent job as the lead. This film is also very well shot when one considers its modest budget, it looks like it was more expensive to make than it really was, and that is an excellent attribute to any film. The entire cast does a great job, and Jordan Peele almost flawlessly transitions from scenes that are very uncomfortable to others that are really funny. I can say I enjoyed Get Out, although I wouldn't say it's as good as some people will have you believe, the movie dragged a bit in the awkward area right before the 3rd act, and some scenes were a bit over the top with the uncomfortable level and extreme racism. I did really enjoy the little twist at the end and I dug the ending quite a bit. I would recommend this film, and this may even be a future blu ray purchase	4
I thought it was alright, I was expecting the worst due to all the politics that (I thought) came with this film. Well made and pretty good story. It didn't need to be a black thing, but it wasn't my film. I enjoyed myself.	2
Déjame salir [2017]	3
A great movie if you're a movie critic and can simultaneously watch and analyze a film. Otherwise it's just a good movie with a lot to say that benefits from multiple viewings.	4
The kind of movie that entertains in an uncomfortable way and sticks with you because it makes you think. Well constructed suspense tale with more going on than most films of the genre.	5
I liked it a lot it is really surprising and I like when I can anticipate what is coming next! Although, I wished they kept the original ending it is more realistic to me, totally recommend this movie	5
Was not at all what I expected, but a very entertaining and suspenseful movie!	4
Get Out is an outstanding horror movie. Widely known for its take on racism, the more you dig deeper into the themes of the movie, the more you realize that it is the exact opposite of what you originally thought. With minor flaws, Get Out as a horror movie is definitely one of the best.	4
¡EXCELENTE! Me tuvo con los pelos de punta desde su inicio, hasta fin. Un Thriller que definitivamente vale la pena ver.	5
Horrible movie. what a waste of time on this piece of junk. there is absolutely nothing redeeming about this story. bad acting and yet a 99% rating. please..	1
Don't get out!Why do we tend to think that the human race is fragmented into two antagonistic groups? Within the inane conceptions in which we coexist, there are black dots and white dots, which keep homologous appearances and similar inner properties, only differentiated by the nature of their pigmentations. Since years ago, it has been stressed the aggrandizement of a subjugation tendency that directly affects the dark dots, which have consented the permanence of subjugators' actions without any retention. With the passing of time, circumferences have had a few reconciliatory encounters, of which emerge vainglory about the overcoming of this abject phenomenon that has whipped them from the beginning, what proves to be a vile falsehood, since many of the black dots admit this new freedom under a latent tolerance yoke, indulgences toward the acts of the white ones that flaunt a full liberation of the racial differences , when the only thing they are achieving is to bury the problem under a thin soil layer. And so, the inescapable incriminating question: whom should we blame? the whites who don't want to confront and eliminate the root cause of their mistakes or the blacks that continue to allow it? I think that it's not an imputation matter, the weight of the racial problems lies in the circumferences of all kinds.Discrimination, in all its possible variables, is a matter with which it's possible get very far both in extension and intellection, an issue that has touched various medias in terms of attacking this puppet of such evil purposes. Basing on a sad-popular behavior such as racism in the United States of today, filmmaker Jordan Peele-who gained status by TV shows of a comic nature that with the accustomed dubious quality achieved American transcendence-presents a sour, fiery and impetuous social satire brimming with black humor with delicious psychological thriller hint that arrives in order to impact strong on a certain well-off sector thanks to a reflective tale of the big little lies that we tell each other in such a clever, effective and commercial way that might well gets it a list of meritorious titles as "cult film" or "the best suspense movie of the year" and maybe, a round of accolades for its splendid components, identical in quality, different in appearance.Peele's feature film converges, in not few vertices, with the laudable allegorical representation ("The Invitation", 2015) by American filmmaker Karyn Kusama, highlighting as the main concomitant the essence of the true thriller: increasing discomfort and vulnerability sown in order to audience does not feel security with what happens on the screen, which provokes in this incessant birth of perceptions toward the loaded questions posed by the story. A genre equivalent to a perverse roulette, in which in the slightest moment of carelessness, a rush of revolutions can shake your safety from head to toe. Such concordance adorned with an acute social criticism, consubstantial of the authentic films inaugurated by Mr. Hitchcock, in which are exhibited the most poor actions that we can come to commit, we, who are the black and white dots.While it builds outstanding psychological game with detailedness, Peele, deserving of double mention acting as scriptwriter and director, conjures up ordinary components and other unusual that can be abridged in three major fields: the first one, of course, is the narrative, although beyond wise skill of developing the subliminal core idea, it's the successful combination and harmonization between two discordant genres as horror and comedy, an impressive achievement especially in the decadent film period in which we are in. While comedy is based on the supporting comic relief gags (contradictory and stereotypical a black man) and irony of the situations, it's fascinating as horror doesn't require scary monsters or spooky entities to fulfill its objective (although there are), here, terror springs up from dread and the veiled significance of the words, from confrontation with the harsh reality. The second one is plausible constituents at technical level, namely, its mise-en-scène, soundtrack, cinematography and photography that unite the vertiginous final act with the hesitant first act using, as usual in Jason Blum's company, precise elements that facilitate and enrich the following of the story. It's prodigious in the composition of its images, having in its power a vacation home encircled by a dry forest is not a brake, on the contrary, it's sensational as they create beauty, usually in confined spaces, with what they have. With certainty, the film has conceived one of the most beautiful shots in horror film history, an oneiric picture where Chris (Daniel Kaluuya) jolts awake after a cyclic hypnosis in a pale leather sofa, with the sound effect from an old TV as the only company, his face-tremendously photographic-raises an analogy through the melodramatic tears in his exorbitant eyes, a frame that will last in the memory of any modern cinephile. There are also sparkling scenes, which reach horns of the moon in its exciting third act, highlighting vigorously camera focus in the third major factor: the overwhelming and heterogeneous performances. Kaluuya's role radiates power and strength, he's sensitive and unprotected when he needed, aggressive and lethal when everything is a disaster. The alienation of the Armitage family is dosed between the competent actors, from which stand out Allison Williams (with a twist plot worthy of Shyamalan) and her brother in the fiction, interpreted by Caleb Landry Jones. Exclusive attention requests scene stealer Betty Gabriel, who plays a couple of shocking scenes, with dimensions of complexity and interpretative depth typical of an acting matron. Be careful because this lady and Kaluuya will present great surprises.Conscious of its game, Peele's motion picture is a deliberate subversion, offered by the hand of cinema, which cries out for the eradication of injustices perpetuated by the social and political sects of the Trump era. It also breaks supposed barriers between genres and ideas and overflows creativity and power by creating situations as exciting as cartoonish, as intelligent as reflexive; A satire that wasn't requested, perhaps out of fear, but in the end it came with a relentless purpose. It achieves what many feature films don't: surprise and affect.	4
Very strong good acting and amazing story telling. Unlike anyother, definitely recommend it	3
In American society, black people can exercise equal voting rights with white people. Past laws prohibiting marriages between blacks and whites have been amended and black slave trade has long been lost in history. Many laws and institutions in the present American society treat blacks equally with white people. Rather, because of the fact that many black people are in the poverty line, American welfare policies are numerically more black than white people. Racial discrimination has become a thing of the past.  However, is black people really getting the same treatment as white people in current American society? People know how ignorant and childish racism is, and the human rights of black people are protected nationally. How can racial discrimination still exist in this situation, but discrimination remains. If the past discrimination was straightforward and explicit, the present discrimination is implicit and ingenious. Discrimination did not disappear. It just evolved intelligently. The movie 'Get Out', a directorial debut by comedian Jordan Peele, a racist satirist, tells him well. 'Get Out' is a horror film about a black photographer Chris going to greet his white girlfriend, Rose. Chris is afraid that he will admit herself at Rose 's house because he is black, but Rose takes Chris to her home in a secluded spot. However, Chris is strangely nervous about the negative emotions that Rose often reveals in his family's view. It turns out that his family, including his girlfriend, Rose, was a racist family until he was a black man. It is the moment when the substance of the strange anxiety felt by Chris is revealed. 'Get out' represents another horror than the existing horror movies. And differentiates it from films that deal with racism. This is the reason why the 'get-out' has been praised for being the best and has attracted world-wide popularity and empathy. Ordinary horror movies are usually reproduced through brutal scenes such as horrifying disguised ghosts or murderers suddenly popping out, surprise the audience, torture or murder. But the way to get 'get out' makes the audience feel scared is through the expression, the gaze, and the eyes of the performers. When the family of Rose showed off their cold and determined aura of expression and gaze when they looked at Chris, and when they looked at the complex facial expressions such as anxiety, fear, sadness, The movie reproduces fear. It expresses a subtle new fear. They pretend not to be discriminators on the outside, but they are strange. It was a bigger discrimination than I thought. This is the most realistic and accurate answer to how racism can still be the most powerful fear topic in the current American society where black slavery is abolished, the marriage of blacks and whites is achieved, and the right to vote for blacks. Discrimination is still remnant, overriding improved systems as serpent. In the face of new discriminations that cannot be said, ordinary people do not make clear their discrimination. Discrimination is more profound for both the perpetrator and the victim, and is still wandering the air between the people.	4
What an incredible film. There wasn't a moment when I was bored, there are so many clever parts of this film. Worth a watch anyday!!! 10/10	5
Peele packs just about every frame with visual symbolism--from the white cotton to the dart board to the stars and stripes. Ultimately: there is an American race problem that is uniquely American and it is a couple centuries old. But Peele reminds aware viewers that some things aren't all that different while delicately and brilliantly navigating drama/horror/ and comedy.	5
Excellent buildup, excellent editing (with the exception of the last scene, which feels a bit rushed), both the racial comedy and the creeping horror are originally handled. The cast is perfect, and while the central SF concept is slightly ludicrous, it matters little when the point is so well made. This may not very optimistic about current social trends (think ill and you will get it right), but it is worth considering the alternative ending, which is even darker and, apparently, was the original ending.	4
Funny, well thought out and an amazing film throughout. A refreshing modern horror film that doesn't use cheap jump scares.	5
Original!! An instant classic. Saw twice in theatres, and was worth seeing a third.	5
Definitely something new and refreshing from the horror genre. Not at all the same old shit	5
Very interesting, I was surprised Jordan Peele did so well. The movie wasn't intense for a while, but when it did, very intense. Overall, very awesome	5
This is definitely one interesting thriller, filled with racial prejudice, psychos and lots of questions regarding human behaviour	4
Scary, funny, brilliant film is perfect. And that is it.	5
An uncomfortably funny and terrifying horror film. People will talk about the film for its depiction of white urbanite racism, which is certainly the focus, but what's really clever about it is the way it layers this on top of a more typical horror plot without conflict. In fact, the plot and the subtext (if its right to call it that) actually enhance each other. Peele's said that horror and comedy are really very similar, and having seen this I have to agree with his point since the timing is perfect and every satirical laugh is balanced in such a way as to not take away from the horror. And here both horror and comedy are used to confront a very touchy issue in a way that a straight drama couldn't. It's just like Dr. Strangelove in a way: the basic problem is too horrifyingly uncomfortable to be taken seriously. Or Stepford Wives, which is really where this film draws its inspiration. Somehow the blend of uncomfortable racism and suburban horror really elevates the otherwise potentially stale material.	3
Wow, this movie was great. The protagonist was extremely likeable and the comedy was perfectly mixed in. I was aleays rooting for him to make it out. The ending seemed a little rushed however.	4
The perfect movie for a society that is unable to recognise talent and quality. Clearly the work of a student, the movie is as controversial as passing gas on an ice cream. Badly made and entirely predictable, with neither twists nor suspence. Don't believe the hype!	1
I'm always happy whenever somebody make a brand new good horror movie now. Because the whole movie genre is always the same jump scare after jump scare. I think Jordan Peele got a good directing career ahead of him as well as Daniel kaluuya the main actor from the film i can definitely recommend you see this film to anybody you know bcause how different it is in good way giving horror genre fresh air from the crap we seen last couple of years.	3
thriller but in the middle of movie i can predict the end.	3
Many people aren't going to like most of my review. I enjoyed the film. Great story, but a bit of a deus ex machina twist. We just have to go along with the fact that the twist works. Okay, I can suspend my disbelief, so I can go along with it, but I'm not going to rave about it as much as some of the critics have. One of the things that annoyed me, and that annoys me about films in general, is the choice to show violence against men, but avoid showing violence against women (apart from one pivotal moment - I won't spoil it). It annoys me that it's socially acceptable to have the dad be a drag, while the mum is so mature and smart. If you're still reading this after my comment about showing violence against both men and women, I wrote it because men are more likely to be victims of violence and twice as likely to be murdered - it is no consolation to the *victim* that men are 9 times more likely to be violent. We need to stop violence against women in society, but even more so, we need to stop violence against men. If we can show violence against men in films, then we should also show it against women. Equality should mean equality.	3
'Get Out' may very well be the most impressive flip on racism, paranoia and horror in modern cinema.	4
Get Out is the scary movie that we all have been needing, even if we didn't realize it.	4
This was simply a great horror/suspense movie. Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time	4
Very original and fresh for the horror genre. In a time filled with remakes and unwanted sequels this movie was a great addition to the genre.	5
Amazing movie that EVERYBODY should see.	5
Completely overrated. Was ok, but predictable and disappointing overall.	2
The movie has its faults - if the racism had been played down more, the payoff would have been much more impactful - but it's a thrilling ride, elevated by an excellent lead performance.	4
Quite entertaining, not Horror	4
Caught my attention immediately. A perfect social climate for Peele to make this film. Thoroughly enjoyed it.	3
His friend was the best #I told you so	4
I know I am a little late to the party, but I just had to see what all the fuss was about for Get Out, Jordan Peele's debut on the silver screen. I wish someone would have goaded me into watching this sooner because it was a refreshing delight to see a smart and surprisingly entertaining take on social taboos in the form of a thriller/horror/comedy.Peele seemed out to subvert expectations. It's almost as if the audience knew going in exactly what was going to happen throughout the remainder of the film from the first scene, but even though we see almost everything coming, the routes Peele leads us down take us along paths filled with laughs, awkwardness, disgust, and elation. In Peele's commentary during the alternate ending, he talks about making this movie during Obama's administration, but then things flipped when Get Out actually arrived in theaters. One of the characters played by Stephen Root, a blind older man, actually has one of the lines of the film that perfectly helps the audience understand why anything in Get Out is actually happening. He can't see color, therefore we as an audience are expected to believe his words can land with a heavier blow seeing as how ignorant all the other white people are around this one black man.There is a simmering anger lying in this film, and it's seen through the eyes of our protagonist Chris played by Daniel Kaluuya. He was also great in Black Mirror. His representation of the black man in a white society gives everyone a glimpse into social cues and ticks black people are cognizant of and those white people never even think twice about.Most of the uncomfortableness comes from the pristine white family played by Bradley Whitford, Catherine Keener, and Allison Williams. Peele pretty much spells it out for us that something is wrong but to the extent we really can't understand until those final scenes play out. Peele's sketch-comedy background dealing with racism, social taboo, and other nuanced themes really helped make Get Out a joy to watch. There's something to be said when a director (and first time at that) can take such a controversial and serious topic like racism and turn it into something we can laugh and joke about without getting all bent out of shape on 'political correctness'. Get Out turned left when it should have turned right.	5
This is a very clever and subversive film. It's so much more than a horror movie. Yes, it's partially about racism, and how people don't often even see how they are doing it. But it's more than that. It's a play on society and culture, and all sorts of other things. It kind of felt like, in many scenes, Daniel Kaluuya wasn't acting. He was simply portraying real life, in all it's stark ugliness. It's also quite humorous in spots. I'll say no more for fear of spoilers. Very well made film	4
I liked the idea of a racially charged horror and for the first hour I was hooked. But then the movie loses its way and becomes less about the race motivation and more about science and fantasy. Sadly, the ending is a little disappointing and didn't engage me the way I had hoped.	3
An interracial couple is out to visit the girl's parents. How will they react to her having a black boyfriend? He is a bit scared, she is calm - there is nothing to worry about.When black servants are present at the folks' place Chris starts to wonder. Something is up. Weird parties with many people, some hypnosis thereapy and weird happenings in general creates a vibe of vividness.This film is not an especially scary one. It got it's moments, but it more of a mystery film. There are plenty of humor here - I like that. Chris' best friend is a funny dude, and most of the funny scenes in this film is done with help from this fella.It looks OK, it pretty original, but it's a rather solid disappointment for me and a quite predictable film with the classic "horror cliches" that makes me more angry than entertained. It won't be remembered for a long time I'm afraid, but it's not a bad film - it's just nothing special.5.5 out of 10 cups of tea.	2
Finally had the chance to watch get out. I thought overall the movie was pretty good and had an interesting plot. I think build up was long and the ending was very rushed. I thought the movie would have been fine without all the political nonsense that was thrown into the movie. Kaluuya was weak in the lead role in certain scenes. The entire group of people acted weird and it was justify but Kaluuya came across like he was one of them in some scenes. The movie overall was a good horror/suspense I recommend to rent.	3
Get Out provides a multi-dimensional , complex story with several layers of sophistication that speaks to modern day race relations in the United States better than nearly any other contemporary work of art that I've ever seen. The symbolism on the surface is very easy for your casual movie-goer to grasp, and the film is actually a very solid thriller even for people who don't understand the surface layer. There are several other layers, however, that have increasing degrees of complexity. Even after seeing it twice within 48 hours, I'm still realizing and discovering new things. Some of the deeper layers include the ways in which the "sunken place" permeates so many aspects of Black life in America, the extent to which the vicarious nature of white voyerism leads to somewhat unexpected results, and numerous other small things that you notice when seeing the film, like the way deer are used in the movie to represent game, the way phones are represented as life lines in the contrast to TVs which represent entrapment, the way in which the speech of white elders ( grandma and grandpa ) seems innocent when coming out of the mouths of white people but shockingly horrific when coming out of the mouths of young Black people, the lacrosse net as yet another appropriated tool of a modern day slave catcher, the metal mask as a symbol of European gladiators and conquerors, the different roles played within the white family from seductress/bait of the girlfriend to plantation owner/ rational intellectual for the father to redneck/overseer for the brother ..... everything is so brilliantly done. Clearly one of the best films I've seen in years. I can easily see watching this another 2 times.	5
I know I waited to long to see this movie and I have no reason for waiting. A horror movie that is thought-provoking, MORE PLEASE! Its rare that I see a movie where I go shit that was funny, but then in the same thought I think, 'but he is not that far off.' I was cooking while watching it and honestly it took me about 20 minutes longer to get my meal done.	5
Funny movie. Not top 100.	3
It left a bitter taste in my mouth. I thought it to be one of those movies that give the horror genre a bad name. I anticipated the resolution from the first 10-20 min of the movie before even the premise was clearly set and I was right.	1
Impressively subverting equally as many genre cliches as it chooses to adhere to, first-time director Jordan Peele's thriller is most notable for its surprising accessibility. For a race-driven horror film, it doesn't scare in the way audiences would expect, but its lack of footing could easily be described as purposeful for near universal entertainment. Its original and worth watching, as both a horror and a comedy.	4
REALLY don't get what all the fuss is about. Like watching an old 'tales of the unexpected' but with a more predictable 'non' twist. Can't believe this is being so hyped. Yawn worthy & un impactive.	3
A social statement on liberalism worked as a fantastic film.	5
GET OUT works well as a horror flick and has a very cleverly-written script, especially regarding the white supremacist villains who hate black people so much that throwing the blacks back into pre-Civil War slavery isn't enough to express their hatred, now they have to steal their bodies and remove their free will to make America a conservative utopia that tolerates only whites which ends up being a paradoxical scheme itself since they hate blacks so much they inhabit black bodies just to torment the souls.	3
Absolutely brilliant. Great performances across the board offering much emotion. Very good plot with some unexpected twists and originality. Sends a message without coming off as preachy at all. Scary at times, hilarious at others, really did a fantastic job of handling horror, thriller, and Comedy all at once. Again credit to Daniel Kaluuya, he plays a character whom in the film is someone you want to succeed when things go wrong. Not to mention the film looks great and sounds great with a killer soundtrack. Loved it! Will have to see how it holds up upon second and third viewings but right now I can say this is one of my favorite films in recent memory! Good job Jordan Peele.	5
I liked it, but it's a bit overrated. Points added for originality. 3/5	3
A movie that will make you question the intentions of others, no one is that happy to see you, not even a room full of strangers! I honestly though that it was going to take a alien turn but I was surprised by the ending still.	4
I have relied on Rotten Tomatoes for a long time to help me pick movies. I cannot believe the high 99% tomatometer. This movie was AWFUL! Bad acting, predictable and really silly. But worst of all, further perpetuates the idea that black and white people are enemies out to hurt each other. Dear director - you are not shining a light on racism - you are fanning the flames! Shame on you.	1
Now you're in the sunken place!Not all the directional debut sees this kind of welcome from the audience. Yeah, Jordan Peele had written and directed it. It is similar to the 90s style mystery-thrillers. Definitely must see for the 90s, 80s guys. It kind of looked like a black comedy, but I guess that's not they had preferred. Especially that teacup scenes and some of the close up shots, that freaks, yet very funny.Well, this is the story of an interracial romance. When Chris decides to meet his girlfriend's white family, living outskirt of her hometown, all goes as planned. But he was not sure how her parents take it, that he's a black. Now everything has settled, but his visit started to take a strange turn after a series of weird events. What it is and how he overcomes it is the remaining tale.The casting was amazing. The story was suspenseful. You would feel you can predict the scenes, but not that easy and when twist happens, you will realise it was simple as that. This is a hit film now, but if it was 20 years ago, surely would have gotten a cult classic status. And yes it is, thinking the future.When this got out and its pre release, I thought it would disappear without any trace. It is rare a recognition a film like this to get to having a second string cast, debutante director and being a low cost film. I got entertained thoroughly as it delivered as promised. But I think some people are overjoyed and praising it like crazy. That's true if you are not a film fanatic, otherwise it is one of those decent films. Surely not to be missed. One of the best of this year.7/10	3
Reminded me of Tales of the Unexpected. In a good way!	4
Fantastic thriller, it deserves all the great reviews it's been getting.	5
Hands down the best movie I've ever seen.	5
Not at all what I thought it'd be. Usually that's good but not in this case.	1
This was super suspenseful and the plot twist was awesome.	5
Jordan Peele made a good point with this movie. Even though he changed the ending of the movie because what was going on at the time, he still made a exceptional point. Racism is still a thing that haunts people, but with all the 'twists' that this movie has, it is impossible for anyone to figure out what is going to happen next.	5
5 stars. Great movie. Fantastic Plot. Well worth watching. Spooky film throughout.	5
Damn good, just could have had a stronger ending	4
Quite probably the best movie made by BlumHouse to date.	3
I don't even know where to start. Nothing I can say will do justice.	5
Awesome movie. Jordan Peele is a great director!	5
Could have been way more added to the movie it was ok some of the parts I could predict and others not so much I didn't like how there was a sunken place that was just cheesy.	3
We join a young couple, heading home to meet her parents for the first time, she's white, he's black. The family have a coloured maid and handyman - there is something definitely not right about them, the lights are on, but not everyone's home. Then the mother insists on hypnotising him to help stop him from smoking ... damn she is good, he's paralysed until he can be brought out of the trance. He really realises he needs to 'Get Out', when he discovers photo's of his girlfriends previous beau's. So it's a creepy enough plot, however it somehow fails to quite deliver in the horror stakes ... more Final Destination, than the Purge.	3
GrippingInteresting plot twist	4
Get Out is important because of it's knowledge of horror. It focuses on the story, and the scares come naturally from it. Most horror movies these days seem to plan the scares before they plan the movie.	5
I was expecting a horror movie, but what I got was much better. Smart. Unpredictable. Feels like it should be supernatural but is something else entirely unexpected. FANTASTIC acting. Really had me glued to the screen from start to finish.	5
lame acting. waste of time	1
Flat out incredible. What a directorial debut. Arguably the best movie of the year. Just an awesome blend of old school horror, new school social satire, and hilarious comedy.	5
This deftly steps back and forth seamlessly between psychological thriller, social commentary, and gory horror. It's never boring, and somehow keeps a good sense of humor throughout.	3
old genre...brilliantly executed. A rare treat amongst so many boring ones I this arena. Comedy mate must get an Oscar	4
I was really impressed and moved. original ideas. I am interested in the next movie this director has to offer. all the negative reviews were really interesting to read. people need to appreciate the acting and having the guts to try something different. they should sink into the floor. lol	5
It had a good story line but it was so boring. This could have easily been onlu 1 hour long. The acting was good though.	2
Combo of Skeleton Key, Wickerman, Stepford Wives and a host of others. Was good in the first third but was easy to guess the story and went down quickly after that.The way he escapes is ludicrous and contrived.Save your money it'll be free on Netflix soon.	1
Hehehe! En sann dokumentär om att komma på besök hos knastervita svärpäron?	3
Great thrillers and frills. However, highly overrated with a weak ending.	3
Brilliant. Handled both reality and horror deftly. Great casting and performances.	4
Overrated. A good movie that deals with a stupid topic that for some reason (good filmmaking) ends up keeping you hooked. Good acting, good music and some twists get this movie above the pack.	2
All that hype and stellar reviews and that was it? I get it. It's groundbreaking for Hollywood, it touches on race with genius satire, it's a combination of creepy and funny, it's Peele's directorial debut, but seriously. That was it? Meh.	3
This is one of those movies where you're yelling at the characters in the movie to get out. But it's so crazy and creepy that you're enjoying it.	4
Funny, creepy, and really well made. Get Out is up there as one of my favourite films so far this year 4/5 stars	4
Get Out brings many unique approaches to its slated "horror" movie genre, and the great writing, cast, and soundtrack make for quite the experience. Put these alongside the racial context, and you've got a great conversation starter as well as thinker. See it.	4
A fantastic movie, albeit not as scary as the trailers suggested, that delves into the horrors of colorism and the exploitation of black bodies.	4
This was one of the worst movies I e ever seen. Open Water had more of a point. Totally predictable. Save your money.	2
Having seen "Cure for wellness" prior to this, couldnt help but to assume that this bro must've seen it too, got insulted by how plastic it and was last seen shouting "hold my beer!"	5
Whoa!!! Stepford Wives the next generation.	4
decent movie....not as scary as I was hoping. did not live up to the hype	3
A Somewhat decent yet very disappointing movie, was not expecting to not enjoy this film after the jaw droppingly high reviews.	3
Wow - wasn't expecting to watch such a very, very good movie!	5
Best movie I've seen this year. Thought it would be kinda predictable but the twists just kept coming. Best part was that black folks weren't the ones dying and they weren't wasting time doing the killing! Oh and the swahili song has a deeper meaning for those how want to google lyric translations.	5
Best film of the year, totally unexpected ending	5
It is a nice psychological horror but the last 15 minutes are uncreative.	3
Una muy buena película con imágenes realmente guapas una manejo de la luz brutal y una historia llena de matices.	4
So good, hilarious and frightening!! Never been more scared of white people in my life.	4
Like George Romero before him Jorden Peele invents a new sub-genre for horror Social Thriller with Get Out. From the chilling original song to the clear cut social commentary Get Out opens a lot of doors and possibilities for what can be seen on the big screen. As humous as terrifying Get Out is a movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat yelling, "Get the **** out!".	5
Really good movie. Kudos to Jordan Peele, the goosebumps are real!	4
Get out is a pretty interesting piece of cinema. Jordan Peele has a strong debut about an interracial couples weekend getaway to meet her parents.The camera work is fantastic from the opening sequence and the film wastes no time and getting our attention. Part social satire, part horror film, get out makes you uncomfortable on both ends of the spectrum. The family is strange from the beginning, and really you wonder what direction the movie is going to go in. You wonder what's up with these strange people. The performances from all actors involved is really what makes this film stand out. Every single actor and actress buy in with an intensity and realism that captivates the viewer.The film does have comic relief which helped the film in certain areas.I will say the first half of the film was great. It kept you guessing, it had me intrigued, it made me wonder about this family and other things. Was the girlfriend in on it? I had questions.The last 20 minutes kept this film from being a complete 4 star film.It fell into some of the cliches that plague other horror films. Also the film revealed itself a little early into what was going on. I will add that from the social satire aspect of the film, I felt it went a little too deep, even if some would say it was necessary.All that being said the performances were so electric, and the twisted nature of the film really make this a unique must see flick.	3
Don't Believe The Hype. Terrible movie. Calling this a horror movie insults George Romero, John Carpenter and Stephen King. It's simply a case of the liberals in the media praising an overtly racist movie that promotes white genocide. Nothing more. Poorly written script that has only one agenda in mind... Make white people look racist.	3
Really enjoyed this! Not what I expected at all but fresh, funny and entertaining.	4
If you haven't seen Get Out, what are you doing with your life? This unique take on the horror genre is loaded with fantastic and fun performances with some smart pacing and creative visuals. While critically-acclaimed, it doesn't seem to be on many people's radar. It's even better upon repeat viewings, so check it out.	4
Kept me interested throughout. Ending was not what expected.	3
Jordan Peele's directorial debut may not be what fans were expecting from the comedian, but it's a clever and confident genre mashup that expertly blends suspense and humor with biting social commentary on race relations. This scathing satire is the perfect horror film for the post-Obama era, taking a razor-sharp scalpel to white liberal attitudes on race. Peele succeeds where sometimes even more experienced filmmakers fail: He's made an agile entertainment whose social and cultural observations are woven so tightly into the fabric that you're laughing even as you're thinking, and vice-versa. What makes Get Out more than just a slam-bang scarefest is that, in its own darkly satiric way, it is also a movie about racial paranoia that captures the zeitgeist in ways that many more "prestigious" movies don't. I think studios need to take more chances on films like this. Films that try to be different and push boundaries. Get Out is bold and daring and most importantly, unique. A marvel of tightly controlled pacing, off-kilter visuals, and rich atmosphere, Peele's film owes a good deal of its exquisite shocks to the claustrophobic terrors of Rosemary's Baby and the manicured dread of Bryan Forbes's The Stepford Wives. Funny, scary, and thought-provoking, Get Out seamlessly weaves its trenchant social critiques into a brilliantly effective and entertaining horror/comedy thrill ride.VERDICT: "High-Quality Stuff" - [Positive Reaction] This is a rating to a movie I view as very entertaining and well made, and definitely worth paying the full price at a theatre to see or own on DVD. It is not perfect, but it is definitely excellent. (Films that are rated 3.5 or 4 stars)	4
"Get Out"TWO WORDS: "Creepy, Captivating" - Finally broke down and rented Get Outlast night. Not a grizzly horror fan but this one is bound to become a cult classic. I knew it would be disturbing but I didn't know just how brilliant it was based on many of the "splat" RT comments calling it "stupid", etc. It is shocking, surprising, funny, gory, disgusting, and yet satisfyingly intriguing. Steeped in the Stepfordesque theme it manages to combine the best elements of Hitchcockian suspense with an overlay of Rod Serling's sense of twisted macabre that shatters cultural and cinematic norms. On the surface, it is a well-made psychological thriller/horror flick, however its substrata pokes fun at and exposes a myriad of topics, from white privilege to racial stereotyping that challenge the very core of human decency, decadence and demoralizing injustice on so many emotional levels. Kudos Mr. Peele!FAVORITE QUOTE: "Get 'em grandpa!"	4
Sloooooow burn of a thriller that delivers a pretty decent payoff......not great but pretty decent.	3
Get out is a comedic/horror flick that sets the standard for future thiller films for years to come. Powerfully crafted and mind bending, it's an adrenaline rush from start to finish.	4
A smart and thought provoking satiric movie about racism in this modern days. I think the down beat version of ending would have given a much stronget effect.	4
I think I got my expectations up a little bit too much but still pretty clever, if even more absurd than your typical horror movie.	4
Its about time somebody makes a movie where the premise is to achieve an extended happier life through a Frankenstein approach of white brain transplantation "because they are smarter" into black bodies "because they are stronger"? Ah, to drink from the black fountain of youth. Rose is the young, attractive, white college coed acts as the seducer of black folks into a sordid scheme of kidnaping, hypnosis and brain transplantation organ-ized and operated by her hypnotist mom, Missy, and surgeon dad, Dean. A scheme that is run for the benefit of Missy and Dean's aging, rich, white liberal friends and neighbors. The story is suspenseful and terrifying enough as her boyfriend, Chris, figures out what is going on and tries to Get Out of the ever increasingly dangerous situation. Unfortunately, the big reveal near the end made it preposterous. I rolled along with the fruit-loopy humor, cliché racism, ludicrous surgical premise, and terror, deciding to enjoy it rather than poke at its glaring holes or be offended. This movie is way over-rated but is still plenty of non-PC fun. Word of caution: sure you can date white women from rich families, but just don't lose your head over it .	3
I don't like scary or creepy movies but this was very good. The focus on everyone's eyes really pulls ya in. Think cocoon, if everyone was super racist and crazy.	4
Smart and suspenful. You know there is something wrong going on but you cannot imagine how wrong .....until the very end.	4
Those people were pretty sick	4
A truly unique film that I didn't expect to be so good. Jordan Peele delivers a pleasantly horrifying film about racism that we never get from Hollywood. The tenseness the audience feels for Daniel Kaluuya's character as he tries to escape from white suburban hell makes for a truly engaging film. At the moment this is my favorite film of the year and I'm curious to see if any movies come close to matching the genius of this one.	5
Very strange movie... but so great! Definitely a twisted and crazy movie! WATCH IT!!	5
An inventive, creative, fun, humorous, and scary horror movie that will leave even the least invested filmatics satisfied.	5
Excellent build up suspense and an effective payload, with thought provoking social commentary and some standout performances to boot - great stuff	4
Best movie of 2017 hands down. Just a genuinely smart horror film most.	5
New idea Not expected Love it	3
Really sick but in a good way...	4
Original horror - rare!	4
I did not find anything clever or original in this film, although it did progress at a good pace and the acting wasn't terrible. The plot was predictable as you could see the plot twist ending coming from around 1/3 of the way through. I found the main character's development unrealistic in the way he began as a mild-mannered Everyman and in the final 20 mins became a homicidal maniac killing everybody he meets in an attempt to escape the building. Also disappointing how before the final showdown they had one of the villains literally sit in a chair opposite the main character and explain the plot, just in case the audience is so blind they don't get it. Not the 'genre redefinition' that critics have praised this movie to be.	2
Freaky, unnerving and darkly funny in places. Over the top and very different to your usual.	4
I thought this was gonna be a race baiting piece of liberal shit but it actually was a very satirical horror movie that was a joy to watch with tension and humor in the right places.	4
An interesting premise that works out pretty well due to its darkly humorous and tense tone and a pretty good debut behind the camera for comedic actor Jordan Peele.	3
Get Out. Terrific acting from the entire cast, especially the lead. I was worried there would be too much comedy but Jordan Peele had the perfect blend of horror/comedy. For every scene I laughed my ass off another would terrify me. There was plenty of horror homages too but not too much to feel unoriginal. Finally, given the subject matter, this has to be the perfect horror film for 2017 America.	5
this little horror flick got 99% from critics. Keeps your attention very well!	4
This movie was so terrifying, I didn't want to watch it again..??	2
This movie was fucking awesome!!!! Just watch it.	5
This movie is suburb in every since of the word. Jordan Peele shows much promise as a director, beautiful film!	5
What did I just watch?	4
Overhyped. But the messages in it are powerful and ironic. It tries to be a comedy, horror, thriller, sci-fi movie... but fails to hit all 4 right, leaving it in a middle of emotions. Its one of those movies, it does so much, but should have focused on 2 aspects more to make it feel complete. Overall its not the greatest movie for 2017, but it will be a cult classic, and a movie I think universities should dissect to understand the irony of culture in today's films. I might watch it again just to look into the messages I missed out the first timeAlso never trust a woman who eats her cereal separately from her milk. That gave me chills for some reason	2
I honestly had trouble believing that Get Out is Jordan Peele's directorial debut. There hasn't been a directorial debut this good since Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs and Orson Welles' Citizen Kane. Everyone gives Oscar-worthy performances, especially Daniel Kaluuya. Get Out is funny, scary, and definitely makes you think. When I first saw the trailers, I honestly thought that it was about a secret modern use of slavery. What it's actually about is so much scarier, more thought-provoking, and too good to spoil.	5
An amazing thriller that was scary and funny while also being a great commentary on our current racial climate. The ending is strange but still adds to the overall message.	4
The best movie I have seen this year, a great feeling of the Twilight Zone, Get Out offers an interesting political view and a stunning directorial debut from Jordan Peele.	5
i honestly don't see how this movie is worth 99% and btw I am black. Halfway through I started scrolling through Instagram because I was bored. The movie was so predictable, and honestly once you have read the summary there is no need watching it. Like did I watch what other people watched? It would have been better without the unbelievable hypnosis bullshit. Like the movie was shit, and the only fun part was when he killed all them white people.	2
Finally understand what people have been talking about...great film! Excellent performances, smartly done. People refusing to watch make me wonder what they are afraid of? It's a movie for god's sake. Warning: minor social commentary. Getting out more / considering multiple perspectives may be a pre requisite for some reluctant viewers.	4
A very well thought out horror movie that has more than just your average jump scares, with good twists as well.	4
My initial reaction to finding out Jordan Peele was directing a movie was that I needed to see it. After watching Get Out I now have the same desire to see any film he directs	5
As self-explanatory as the title may seem, there is a lot more to this movie than it would suggest. The premise is the same as every horror movie that's ever been, but writer/director Jordan Peele has taken that old worn-out contrivance and spiked it with a social commentary that's about as on the mark of modern American culture as I've ever seen. I expected this to be another allegorical horror film, as that seems to be the trend in horror these days, but it's not allegorical at all... there is no metaphor for racism here, it's all out in the open. The movie explores the subtler, more common symptoms of racism... small things people say and do that seem harmless and maybe even complimentary, without even realizing the vast amount of stereotype and prejudice inherent in those statements/actions. This movie has its finger squarely on the pulse of white privilege, as well as minorities' justifiable wariness of it. It's probably the smartest "horror" film I've ever seen... though to call it 'horror' isn't quite right, it's more of a suspense thriller. There is no gore (the camera cuts away at the more grisly parts); the horror is more psychological in nature. The story goes from normal to creepy to freaky to scary, building on each in even progression. As the situation becomes more terrible and hopeless for the protagonist, it becomes all the more horrific when you realize that no matter how it ends, he is truly fucked. Even if he escapes and fights his way away from these crazy-ass white people, it's the word of a single black man against a slew of rich white people - and there is no way he is gonna come out on top. The power of the film is in that realization. I was a little disappointing with the end, which was not as dark as I expected it to be, and dare I say, should have been, given the message the film is conveying. But it has a humor to it as well (albeit a dark one), full of sly winks to the audience as it plays up all the things that black people stereotypically fear and makes them reality. This is the rare film that works both as a sharp social commentary as well as an effective suspense thriller. Mr. Peele certainly had something to say about the state of race relations today, and I don't know how he could have said it with more wit, bite, and clarity.	4
An original idea with good acting and a good thread to follow through. The movie feels simple enough even if it's all just wierd, until you start to understand what's really happening. The movie keeps your interest all the way from start till finish and you have to really pay attention to everything and how people act. Since no scene is unnecessary and the acting is great you learn so much through the scenes and still nothing.	4
I absolutely LOVED this movie! I rented it, didn't see it at the theatre. Kudos to Jordan Peele for creating a horror movie that kept me interested throughout and didn't give anything away until it was time for it in the movie. This is one that I would consider buying!	5
Came in with high expectations, I guess. I didn't care for it, and wouldn't watch it again.	2
I watched this movie after reading great reviews. It is very predictable it's average at best. If you like a GOOD thriller or Horror and are in anyway intelligent hoping for a twist at the end this film is not for you.	3
Crazy ride, kind of a Stepford Wives for Black People. Some have described it as not predictable but I don't agree, but I still enjoyed it.	4
Lots of plot twists i never saw coming had me gripping my chair at the end	4
"Interesante y emocionante, sin embargo no a la altura de las expectativas"	4
great story and twist.	5
Achieves everything it was going for and more. A masterpiece.	5
Occasionally heavy-handed, but has an important point to make, and it ultimately does it well. Combining a refreshingly original horror concept with urgent social commentary, Peele proves he can do a lot more than just comedy sketches.	4
Spoiler alert: For some reason, the synopsis on the Netflix DVD sleeve reveals a major plot twist that occurs 67 minutes into the 100-minute movie.	3
I liked this movie, twisting plot and more	4
While the premise is quality and the on-screen chemistry between Daniel Kaluuya and Allison Williams was great - the movie fell a bit flat for me. The writing could have gone in a number of different creative directions and the final script was not the best choice. Especially since it didn't get the most out of the Kaluuya and Williams chemistry.I left the movie without feeling the overall scope of the difficulty with inter racial dating in the United States. Which could have been a terrific arc, especially with the political leanings of Rose's (Allison Williams) father. Instead the movie turned into a basic thriller afterwards. While the social aspects were definitely appreciated, the movie could have done far more.The overall acting was good, the music was fine, and there weren't any major editing flaws. However, I was expecting far more from this film.Star Rating: 3/5Number Rating: 6.2/10	3
This movie has absolutely no business being rated north of 70% fresh. Entirely predictable, and I could barely hear above all of the propaganda. I was sincerely disappointed after hearing the positive reviews from NPR and others. Hard pass	1
Felt a little long. Not as good as people said it was. Crazy white people is the whole story. Cool ending but I would just watch the trailer then watch the last 10 min to save you time lol	3
Brilliant plot. Finally a good horror movie!	4
This movie was absolutely well written, fresh ideas that aren't really seen in current films, an amazing psychological thriller that will blow your mind, it's a must see	4
Perfect balance of horror, comedy, socio-political commentary all delivered with strong performances, great soundtrack and detailed cinematography. 2016 and 2017 have had some great movies but I don't think any single film is as iconic as Get Out.	5
Well made. Only complaint the silliness of the scientific aspect.	3
It's fun, it has a good message, and it's scary. All of which are good things, so good job movie.	4
Awesome movie with some unnecessary corniness. It was hard to guess what was the next!	5
Although I know Jordan Peele only for his comedy work I was excited to watch this film especially so because of the acclaim it has received, and justly so. Get Out was fantastically creepy throughout and was played out to near perfection. The pace was fantastic and the "scares" were spaced out to really help the progress of the film. The acting was wonderful from the lead cast who really helped add to the atmosphere and the tension. The reason why I didn't give the film 5 stars was because of a couple issues I had. The party scenes were borderline absurd regarding the dialogue between Chris' character and the guests and to me just took something away from the overall feel...it perhaps could have been more subtle in execution. This, alongside the character of Jeremy, who I thought took more away with his characters abrasive nature and caused scenes he featured in to be overly focused towards his nature and dampened the creepiness which had progressed nicely. In fact whilst writing this I can still feel his overbearing presence over the course of the film. Is it jealousy that is meant to have manifested in these scenes or was he always just meant to look like a tosser...	4
Slow start but worth the wait.	4
Fantastic movie by a brilliant writer and actor. Kept me on edge yelling GET OUT the whole time :)	5
A very well developed film that's been satisfying most critics. But I expected something more.	3
Wow finally an ending that I love	5
"Get Out" (Huye en Español) es un claro ejemplo de como una buena película de suspenso y "terror" debe ser".El cine de terror actual es poco original, cuando la gente piensa en terror, lo primero que pasa por su mente son los famosos "Jump Scares" o "Screamers" esos en los que en el momento menos inesperado, el sonido sube al máximo acompañado de un grito "espeluznante". En mi opinión, el terror no solo son los Screamers, el buen terror te hace sentir incomodo, tenso y si es posible, miedo. El año pasado The Witch logró ser una de las mejores películas del año y una obra maestra del terror psicológico, jugando con el espectador con un lenguaje cinematográfico impecable, con una música precisa y una historia original con un giro de tuerca impresionante; precisamente esto mismo ocurre con "Get Out".En "Get Out" o "Huye" no veremos brujas o demonios, en esta cinta el terror es provocado por un grupo de personas comunes y corrientes (Eso lo hace aun mas perturbador)La historia es sobre una pareja interracial, ambos deciden pasar un fin de semana en la casa de los padres de la chica con el propósito de que los padres conozcan a la actual pareja de su hija. A pesar de ser una película de suspenso (y de vez en cuando de comedia también) la historia toca temas como el racismo, crítica la ignorancia que todavía existe en los americanos sobre este tema y de vez en cuando lanzan unas cuantas pedradas a Trump de la forma mas sutil posible. No quiero hablar mas sobre la trama para no arruinarles la sorpresa, pero lo que si les puedo decir es que la película logra generar tensión, a veces incomodidad, a veces repugnancia, y en ciertos momentos miedo. Desde que inicia hasta que termina, 104 minutos en donde vas a experimentar todo lo anteriormente mencionado. Puede que la historia llegue a ser un poco predecible en cierto momento de la película, pero el giro de tuerca que nos presentan en el acto final es una locura total.	4
AH. MAZE. ING. No words can describe how awesome this movie is. I don't think there was anything wrong with it.	5
In a world filled with horrible horror and action movies, this movie was very well done. Hats off to the director and crew.	5
What did I just watch. Waste of life. #Psychologist	1
Although not exactly the most exciting movie it is definitely one of the greatest from the year.	4
Get Out It's such a great movie in 2017. Mistery & dramatic timeline di very amazing	5
I honestly felt it was over hyped. The premise was okay, but the problem was all the real twists, and surprises, were too obvious. The worst part was the stereotypical wisecracking, best friend who felt out of place in a movie that's so serious tones, especially at the end. It was an okay watch once. It's never scary, never intense enough, and just a mild "meh".	2
Entertaining, suspenseful and thrilling with a twisting and original plot.	4
Entertaining, suspenseful and thrilling with a twisting and original plot.	4
Best thriller this year	4
Bad...just a bad movie. My friend said its good because it could be really happening. He is a moron and after this movie i feel dumber.	1
An incredible thought-provoking film that hits home with a lot of current issues. It's scary and doesn't rely on cheap tactics to do so. The first half builds loads of tension and keeps you on the edge of your seat, while the final act delivers in spades. Peele's debut as a director is clever and pulls you in. The final twist plays on the heart strings of anyone who has heard about the awful police violence in America. The best film of the first half of 2017.	4
Lives up to the hype. No breaking news here, but it's great at weaving social commentary and horror and making neither side feel cheap or cheesy or pandering.	4
Great movie, on the edge of your seat the whole time.	4
Not a big horror fan but this was a refreshing horror movie. It had a good build up till things are revealed in the last 25 mins. The movie moved really smoothly and didn't have many horror cliches.	4
Comedian Jordan Peele's directorial debut is a fantastic horror film about a black guy visiting his white girlfriend's family for the weekend...but things go from being just a little bit weird to downright frightening. It had this sense of Lovecraft that I am always into....and the message and themes are just relevant and on point. The fact that this is a comedian's directorial debut is crazy, it is so wonderfully shot and put together...usually a comedian trying to break into the movies or directing start with, well, comedies! The fact that Peel had such a strong story and then came in first time directing with such a sure hand makes him a filmmaker I want to watch out for. A fantastic debut.	4
Absurd, Ridiculous, Unbelievably stupid movie that is not scary, funny, nor smart. Very predictable. One of the worst movies that I've ever seen.	1
I am not a fan of the horror genre, but this is my favorite movie I've seen over the past year or so, and a true work of genius from Jordan Peele. It stuck with me for days after watching it. Its one of those precious rare films that grows richer the more time you spend thinking about it, and the deeper you dive into it. There is so much going on in this movie, that it would easy for it to feel chaotic and muddled. But Peele manages to fit everything together perfectly, and the film is all the better for it. It was incredible.While generally listed as either a "horror" or "horror-comedy" film, I much prefer Peele's label of "social thriller." If you want an exciting, well-crafted film that makes you think, this one is for you.	5
really good movie! great ending!	5
completely over rated with a ridiculous and non believable premise.	2
"...I mean I told you not to go in that house" This made me wanna laught although I hoped to see some cliche resources after his answer. That's what Peele does, makes us hate the characters we started liking and want a sequel when this is clearly not a good option.	5
amazing, brilliant, terrifying.	5
I came in cynical about the black/white overtones. But I really liked it anyways! Great clever script and top notch acting from Kaluuya. Despite the "social commentary" this movie is a blast.	4
After watching this movie, I was confused. In no way am I saying the movie is bad, I enjoyed segments of it. LilRel was a good actor in it, he gave some moments of relief. However, I believe the movie had a very poorly supported ending. (spoilers) The idea that a person can swap bodies by having their brain transplanted is very creative and I believe Jordan wrote it well. But the movie would have been far better if it had a different second half. I liked the daughters betrayal of her boyfriend, despite how obvious it was. If the movie had taken a different turn in the second half it would have been much more enjoyable. Despite all I have said, the movie was very enjoyable, and I believe it will be a good stone in Jordan Peele's path to becoming a common director.	2
Predictable and Overly expressive of racism. No thrills or plot twists. Hardly a thriller.	2
A thrilling piece exploring the fully present discrimination found in northeastern monied circles.	5
A thrilling must-see film that combines racial satire and horror to portray current ongoing problems with racism and other racial issues while also being an enjoyable film. Don't watch this alone!	5
Interesting story line but jumps way too much into the "all rich white people hate black people" theme. Plus, how did he get the 40 pound deer antler head off the wall and use it as a weapon if he's too weak to walk straight? You'll know it when you see it folks. Overall pretty entertaining if you don't take the theme too seriously.	3
Get out is a horror/thriller masterpiece that Jordan peele amazes the audience. It leaves you cringing, laughing, and uncomfortable as the main character goes through a nightmare that is connected to current conflict.	5
The smartest, scariest, and most satisfying movie of the year.	5
I really can't understand how this has got so many good reviews, its not a thriller, it is way too predictable and its not even a horror. In fact once you've figured out whats happenning it just gets a bit boring. Dont believe the hype.	1
Get Out is a cleverly executed horror-comedy that serves as brilliant social satire. It does not force the topic of racism onto the viewer, yet still makes them think about it which is what I think Jordan Peele was getting at. I really must commend everyone involved with this film as it's currently tied with Logan as my favourite film of the year so far. Great writing, great directing, spectacular acting, and not to mention charming and funny.	4
Thoroughly enjoyable, an increasingly creepy movie with a really interesting twisted thread wound through the fabric of the film.	5
Get Out is funny, scary, and modernizes horror with one of today's issues: racism. Jordan Peele kills it in his directorial debut and the actors are amazing in this film as well. This calls for a cult classic in the making.	4
A movie that's getting way more attention than it deserves purely due to the fucked up racial & political climate in today's society (espesh 'merica). Racism, hypnotism & oh yeah rich white Americans are the devil (ok, we get it). Am I the only one who realises this is basically a rip of "The Skeleton Key', just with "science" instead of supernatural voodoo?! It's never that scary, suspenseful, shocking or even that psychologically smart. As one of the highest rated films of 2017 I expected a shit load more. It wasn't even a fun ride. And no I'm not racist, I just know a boring shit movie when I see one. Although I do like one of the films subliminal messages to the average-middle-working class American who have had enough with Trump (whoops I mean narrow minded pig faced bigot) Get Out!	2
Most anti-white movie ever. Stereotyped white people. The country is still racist and it's the blacks being racist. If the roles were reversed there would be outcry.	1
Still stunned by it.	3
This film has been grossly overrated by both critics and audience, and grossly over-analyzed in the most absurd ways. I would call this a slick production that is mostly superficial entertainment. People keep describing it as a "horror film," which makes me wonder how broad their definition of a horror film is. I think it's more accurate to call this a suspense with some bizarre visuals and unnerving encounters, built on a kind of twisted sci-fi premise. In fact, the premise is rather laughable once you find out what the sicko white folks are up to. Chris, the young black man who is the protagonist, seems pretty smart and yet his best friend is more of a stereotype jive talking goof. Although not strictly about racism, the filmmaker does seem to advance a kind of sly racist notion from a black person's perspective--white people as predatory and deranged while on the surface seeming so civilized and intelligent. I was also led to believe the film has a kind of quirky humor to it, but that's not really the case. The scenes with Chris's friend going off in his manic fashion offer a sort of comic relief at times, but there's nothing else in the way of dark humor to the film. In short, this is watchable and at times somewhat inventive, but overall it's more like a formula with little substance in its execution. The protagonist survives with resourcefulness and will, but we're left with nothing more than a sense that white people are deeply disturbed and not to be trusted.	2
In addition to being a sharp thriller where the heroes don't do the usual dumb things, the social commentary is so well-woven into the fabric of the plot that it adds to the film rather than detracts. Smart and satisfying.	4
Man... Did this movie just give me the chills... Yes it did.	5
Provocative and strange in some really wonderful ways. Peele isn't coy about what he's doing here and I love how the movie can be so dark one second then suddenly veer off into cringe comedy in the next. I'm a bit disappointed that at the very moment Peele could have pushed his commentary back into the serious reality of the present he opts for a crowd pleasing moment but then again perhaps that's the catharsis we need right now.	4
If the ending of this movie had been as good as the rest of it I would have given it 5 stars. The way to clean ending pissed me off. The simplicity of how the hero escapes just fucking makes me mad. It's a complex movie, has some very taboo themes. Makes you think, really and truly. It was directed beautifully. The actors all played their parts equirsitly. And. Then. That. Fucking. Ending. I have not been so let down at an ending since Transformers: Age Of What The Fuck Ever when we got 4 minutes of DinoBots in a 77 hour mind killing Baysplosion of a shit show. Honestly, not saying dude should have died, just these happy endings in every fucking movie is stupid.	4
Terrifically terrifying, Comedy Central's Jordan Peele ruffles the subconscious of racial chauvinism and sends discomfortable chills down spines.	4
What manages to elevate this movie beyond simply being a pseudo-remake of Guess Whose Coming to Dinner? is the twists, thrills, and laughs it presents while dealing with the tense subject matter of race in a near perfectly executed subtle manner. It's in the slight dialogue exchanges, the symbolism of a silver spoon, and the fear in a black man's eyes, no longer the fear of a clichéd blonde girl fearing a hyper masculine black man, but that black man's own fears. Peele is not afraid to show fear of suburbia, "diet racism" enjoyed by middle/ upper-class liberals, and exposes a veneer of prejudice among that so often goes unnoticed. Get out of your house and go see Get Out, 2017's best film yet.	5
Wow! Love, love, loved this movie! Acting, story, and incredible suspense were great!	5
I guess I just don't get it...	2
One of the best horror movie I've ever seen.	4
I loved this movie. it was interesting to see how it would play out. I've seen it more than once and I noticed something else each time.	5
Horrifying! Although, the unnecessary racial aspect almost ruined what is otherwise a unique and thrilling suspense film. Definitely worth seeing once. (First and only viewing - 6/25/2017)	3
Get Out was a pleasant surprise. When I expected something to happen, something else happened. It's great when a movie defies expectations.	4
Way out there, but fun!	4
I don't like false trailers. This trailer entailed that this would be a horror movie with lots of jump scares. Though it was AMAZINGLY acted, this movie provided little suspense and none of the jump scares that I was thirsting for. Still, very dark and the twist surprised me. Great, very well written and gave me a few thrills.	3
rare movie that makes you think, entertains, and scares you all at once	5
This was one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. It beautifully blends comedy, horror and thriller for a very exciting and entertaining ride. Every second was enjoyable.	4
Director Jordan Peele hace de "Get Out" un magnífico Thriller tocando temas delicados como es el racismo en Estados Unidos junto con una mezcla de horror y comedia que embonan a la perfección. Sin duda una película que no te debes perder.	4
new idea for a horror/suspence, which i enjoyed.	4
it's funny how this movie has a 98% approval compared to The Wicker Man sitting comfortably at 17%! take out the missing child and insert a black dude and they are pretty much the same film. both suck pretty bad	1
Well acted and well thought-out, this is essentially a re-make of Ira Levin's The Stepford Wives, tho it deals with racism rather than sexism. The movie takes just the right amount of time to let us know that something's rotten in Suburbia, but because of the story structure there's not enough action in the second act to keep the audience engaged. I found myself fighting the urge to fast forward to see what the deal was. The payoff is fantastic. I just wish the trip were a bit more engaging.	3
The reviews for this film are very similar to the themes covered so deftly by Mr. Peele. It was so very familiar to all of 'us' and so exposing to 'them'. Every black person on earth understands exactly what's going on,because it's what we live every single day. A lot of whites may feel exposed and label the film heavy handed. He exposes behaviors that are usually covered up by just about everyone. This is particularly true in the post-Obama, pro-trump era. The genius of the film is how it keeps reinventing itself. It changes the way that film where people pay to do anything horrible they want to another person. That film starts out tame and beautiful, then slowly morphs into a shadowy place where a giant factory shoots out plumes of human ashes. Peele manages to achieve the same thing here, so when you see Allison's transformation at the end of the film, its shocking. I was really expecting her to be different somehow and not part of the crazy scheme. I could go on, but suffice to say, a brilliant film from one of the brightest voices to come along in a very long time.	5
It's slow and cringy in the beginning but at the end of the day, the plot twist is its salvation.	3
I had to watch this film twice because I wasn't entirely sure what to make of it the first time around. The second time around, I can safely confirm that I freaking love this movie. It's creepy, it's funny, it's well-written, and its commentary is very subtle and far from preachy. I have seen quite a few people pass this film off as race-baiting propaganda and I can confirm that this isn't the case. It uses racism as a storytelling element, but it in no way tries to antagonize one side nor victimize the other. It's less of a satire towards white people and more of a satire of stereotypical liberals that like to tell themselves that they're part of the fight against racism, but they actually come off as more racist that they let on. This film is a perfect allegory for that. Jordan Peele clearly has a love and an understanding of the horror genre and I can't wait to see what he brings to the table next.	4
Subtle, comedic, and thrilling. Get Out layers it's social commentary and scares on top of great comedic beats leading to a very satisfying experience. It doesn't throw everything at the audience all at once, and allows you to pick up on subtle clues rewarding viewers who have paid attention. Get Out is directed beautifully by Jordan Peele and shows his immense potential. The score fits the eerie tone of the film perfectly and the cinematography feels very sleek and fresh. There are plenty of things to to pick up on in the background for repeat viewings. The only real gripe I have with the film is one of the twists. It was easy to see but didn't ruin the experience. There are plenty of other twists that work well enough. Get Out is a must see and a great surprise hit!	4
I'm amazed at the high ranking for such a predictable, boring and at times even awkward studenty film. One of the most overrated pieces of garbage in the whole history of cinema. Only people with issues can like this	1
Not as good as i thought it would be	3
Fantastic film. What a gripping and compelling plot. What a refreshing horror/thriller movie in February when we usually get crap.The movie was incredibly well acted and it kept you on edge the entire time. The movie was surprisingly very funny as well. Jordan Peele does a fantastic job on his first big film. 90/100	4
This is the best horror movie I've ever seen. the film has you all the time in a sort of special atmosphere	5
"Get Out" is a Horror-Comedy film in which Jordan Peele examines many issues that have surrounded Black culture throughout history. An obvious example of this is the motif of slavery that is apparent in the film. Examples of this would be the plantation-like atmosphere of the Armitage's residence, the Armitage's African-American "housekeepers", and the scene where Chris is being auctioned off to a group of rich, white folk. Another issue that Peele examines is the current state of affairs between some African-Americans and Police Officers. In the beginning of the film, we see Chris being asked to provide identification without any real cause or reason, any obvious calling to the claims that Black people are racially profiled by Police office rs. Another issue that is tested is the lack of media coverage that missing persons who are African-American get compared to, say, white females. This is clear during the scene where Chris's friend, Rod, goes to the police about a mutual friend they both have (Andre Hayworth) who apparently went missing a few months ago and shows up at a party that the Armitage's are having, acting very different than they knew him before. What is very interesting about this is that there appears to have been no investigation into a missing person's case by the police, as they just laugh at Rod's outlandish claims. In conclusion, "Get Out" is an not only an excellent film that examines certain elements of Black culture, but also a Horror-Comedy film with a totally unique and fresh plot. I recommend this film to everyone!	4
An incredible film with psycological terror, suspense. But don't watch the trailers beacause there are a lot of spoilers	5
On the edge of my seat as I tried to figure out what was going on. Very good.	4
Get Out significantly overplays its hand by using excessively-blunt racial commentary, which just makes the people it attempts to win over defensive of their egos. It's a good movie from a cinematography and auditory standpoint, but the racial commentary felt over-the-top. For instance, one person asks the main character "Is the African-American experience an advantage or a disadvantage?" A real racist wouldn't talk this way, as they would already have their mind made up. Although I'm sure that Jordan Peele had good intentions, it felt like the racial commentary was attempting to win over the non-racist audience while trying to persuade the racist audience not to be racist. However, it succeeds at the former but alienates the latter. Essentially, it succeeds on a level of entertaining the audience, but fails at pointing out any racial stereotypes or commenting on racial issues. It's way too heavy-handed and unrealistic to make it a 4- or 5- star film, but not inept enough to give it 1 or 2 stars.	2
The movie "Get Out" is really interesting because the director Jordan Peele uses humor and horror successfully and at the same time communicates a serious message about racism in America. This movie kept me on my toes because it was filled with paranoia and suspense. This movie is about an interracial couple who go to visit her white liberal family. Chris, the African American boyfriend (Daniel Kaluuya) experiences really strange behavior from the other African Americans he meets in Rose's(Alison Williams) hometown. Peele combines their weird behavior with real life scenarios and as a result the audience can relate to the movie. The movie "Get Out" communicates a very strong message about how racism is still with us today and that's why I personally like this movie.	3
Director Jordan Peele's "Get Out" is about Chris who goes to spend a weekend at his girlfriend Rose's parents' home. When Chris (Daniel Kaluuya) first gets there he has a hard time adjusting to the overly welcoming parents. Rose (Allison Williams) is very understanding of his discomfort at first. As Chris continues his visit he starts to slowly unveil some dark secrets and soon knows he must get out! Peele successfully uses a combination of comedy and horror to help audiences understand today's racial realties. Many times throughout the movie Peele exposes the realities of racism and how it affects African-Americans on a daily basis.	4
This movie is horrifying and is racist-em to a whole new level.	4
Cringey racially charged humor, then a mystery, then some lovely thriller moments. To hint at another genre thrown into the mix would potentially be a spoiler. More than one twist awaits. So much Hitchcockian suspense, I was giddy with delight.	4
Real good acting, always liked Key&Peele and I sensed a bit of it in there. Chris (Daniel Kaluuya) is an intelligent character, contrasting some characters in other horror/thriller movies. Watching back you can see a good attention to details. Great stuff from everyone that participated in this movie.	4
Great storyline, concepts well thought out. Great acting. Worth a second watch to recap understanding.	5
Great storyline, concepts well thought out. Great acting. Worth a second watch to recap understanding.	5
Excellent filmmaking - disturbing and even funny at moments. What a surprise!	5
This was a really good movie. It's only racist if you think of it that way. The villains in this movie weren't just racist, they were psychotic. So, it's not really commenting at all on everyday racism, considering no normal person would ever consider doing what these people did.	3
Get Out was a very unique and original thriller that touches on the subject of racism. Directed by comedian Jordan Peele, I was surprised to see such an outstanding result. The ending was a bit predictable, but it was very worth my time to watch it. Very enjoyable and I highly recommend it!	4
If you're going to watch this movie hoping for a terrifying ride with lots of action and in your face scares, this is not for you. This movie is more of a subtle, slow ride. If you enjoy stories that have a more creepy, mysterious feel then you may like this film. It flows together very well and the acting is very good. Totally worth a watch.	4
every single human being needs to watch this movie. I'm not going to tell you how fucking intelligent, amazing, well directed, written etc etc it is cause i'm confident once you watch it YOU WILL KNOW. So watch it!	5
Get out is a good thriller.The movie at nowhere fails in maintaining a mysterious mood and therefore i will say it is one of the best thrilles i have watched recently	4
I am a horror made I've fanatic and I have to admit this is probably THE BEST horror movie I have ever seen. The plot keeps you hooked in until the credits roll, the acting is superb, and not for one second did I think of anything else. This is a must watch for anyone who loves a good mystery/horror. LOVED IT!	5
I really thought I would like it based on all the reviews and build up, but instead, it didn't deliver. It wasn't a horror movie. It had a great storyline and the twist was great. But it wasn't a horror movie. It felt like a drama or movie about racial tension with a horror movie plot tacked onto the end. It didn't feel cohesive, and it certainly didn't feel like a horror movie.	1
very freak, but kinda obvious plot.	4
3.5/5 Good, but Overrated.	3
Good movie from a storytelling perspective--but this is terribly irresponsible movie making that only fosters a bleak perspective of today's race relations.	2
Its like a fine whisky. Will not appeal to everyone. But the way the movie takes you on a journey, it has to be enjoyed. However the ending could have been a bit different..	4
all I would ask for is an epilogue	4
Very intense movie, with a lot of hidden twists and turns! I'd HIGHLY recommend!	5
Really Good Thriller/Horror......	5
Best movie of the year, so far. Masterful directing manages to turn a cheesy plot into a thrill ride rid of cliché jumpscares and filled with deepthoughts and full time suspense. Certainly an Academy award possible nominee.	5
Skrekk og gru, så vemmelig morsomt.	4
Clever and surprising, an original take on important social issues.	5
A social commentary that's needed and a psychological thriller that's appreciated.	5
Certainly different from the usual horror movies I've seen in my lifetime. It felt a bit predictable after having seen the trailers, so in that regard it was ho-hum. No huge stupid twist ending, and I don't count the whole character reveal as a surprise because like I said.. predictable. Some questionable plot holes too, but honestly you gotta go into this without overthinking it too much. However the comedic bits here were a miss with me. It's much better than the other horror crap that comes out these days, that much is certain. Still, I liked Split more than I did this.	3
Awesome... Crazy awesome!!!	5
I was abit underestimate this movie but then I turned out totally love it!	4
Awesome flick! Super creepy, freaky, scary, and super funny too!The plot is totally whacked out, but it works and I was as scared as I've been in "regular" horror flicks! And Marcus Henderson steals all of his scenes and is absolutely hysterical! The other actors are top notch too, and the story is superb! And two of the songs in here are completely used to maximum freaky deaky effect! I'm definitely watching this one again!	5
When I first saw the trailer for this film, I wasn't really interested. I am not a huge fan of horror movies, and this one didn't look special to me. Then I heard the positive buzz, and was intrigued. Leaning it was more about racism than jump scares changed my perspective some, but I still expected to like it less than most. I was wrong.There are certainly horror elements, but the scares supplement the story; they aren't just there to make you jump. Speaking of story - it is incredibly rich and deep, again using the twists as turns as a medium for the movie's vast social commentary. This also seems like one that might be just as good or better with a second viewing, as there is so much symbolism and subtext early in the film that you may have glossed over because you hadn't yet seen the rest of the film. I still don't love horror movies, but if Jordan Peele keeps making them, I'll keep watching them.	4
This felt like a traditional horror movie that relied heavily on tone and the feeling that something wasn't quite right. Great concept and great acting. I hope Jordan Peele does more horror films in the near future.	4
Funny, chilling and scary, Get Out adds a new context to horror movies and that is the reason why this movie should be immortalized. Also, despite its predictable end, it will keep the spectator interested in that thrilling story since the beggining until the end, and the rewarding clever jumpscares will make the popcorns gain legs and jump.	4
An explosive ending makes up for an extremely slow build. Not really the horror film it was marketed as - more of a thriller.	4
Wow. A rare movie that is worth seeing at least twice. However, The twist is not as earth shattering as hoped, although haunting. But a second viewing will unearth many nuanced details scattered through-out. Fortunately, debut director Jordan Peel adeptly shows more than tells and avoids ever being dull. The film holds a poignant mirror to society's many racial issues, leaving audiences with plenty to talk about post credits. Must watch.	4
This movie was a masterpiece but there was only one mistake the jump scares	4
amazing calls to mind hitchcock and the stepford wives	5
This movie was wicked sweet. Kept me guessing the whole thing. COWABUNGA!!!	5
The fear of meeting the significant others parents has always been an anxiety of wondering how they are like. The anxiety of trying to impress them, the background history or even the appearance can make you feel a little nervous. Director/writer Jordan Peele first film and tackling a horror genre at that makes a pretty entertaining movie. He definitely has his work cut out as a director by making the one thing couples usually have an anxiety about and twisting it around.The film follows Chris (Daniel Kaluuya) and his girlfriend Rose (Allison Williams) are planning a small trip to visit her parents. He is afraid they will judge him for being a black guy. They arrive at their country side house, were Chris notices that there is a black guy doing work on their yard or a house maid. Which her parents assure him that they are not prejudice. When his girlfriends mother does an hypnosis session with him. He notices that everyone there may not be who they say they are.Get Out is a great suspenseful horror movie. It may not be scary or bloody. It does build the mystery suspense. The moments of Chris noticing the strange behaviors that the house maids are behaving. Her parents behaviors being erratic and cheery and creepy about meeting him and introducing him to other guests in a big party. The concept of hypnosis is also pretty crazy as Chris starts questioning if its his paranoia self about fearing about being judged for his race or if something sinister is going on. Jordan Peele does well building the suspense and the anxiety with a white family having black people as maids.I was very surprised about how awesome this movie was. I had low expectations after watching the trailers and was thinking it would be a cheesy bad acting horror movie. Jordan Peele proved the expectations wrong. It turned out to be a smart suspenseful movie were you root for the main character. Which is rare to see characters make certain decisions which can be frustrating in most horror movies.There is a twist that is best not to reveal or talk about. The less you know or see from the previews the better the surprise will be. The last act and the ending does not disappoint. The movie does have some funny moments and plus a comic relief character that is Chris friend that is always throwing jokes about sex slaves and only trusting the "brothers" of his kind.Daniel Kaluuya did great which this is my first time seeing him perform on screen. Allison Williams did well as his girlfriend. Bradley Whitford and Catherine Keener both were great and creepy with their characters.Once the twist is revealed, it can be kind of disturbing about whats really going on. Without giving much away. Overall, Get Out is a great horror film. Director Jordan Peele may have a great start working on films. The suspense and funny moments were well balanced. The twist was surprising. The cast and acting were great. The plot and concept of interracial meeting the family and paranoia was entertaining. I definitely recommend the film if you are looking for suspense	5
A very well constructed suspense/thriller with some amazing concepts ranging from; hypnosis used for evil, the transfer of consciousness, and racial stereotypes. This film is unpredictable, and takes you on a crazy almost-real world. The dark comedy also adds some awesome flare. HIGHLY recommended. A++	5
Solid thriller. Peele's ability to set up an uncomfortable environment is great, and the dialogue was enjoyable. Definitely worth your time.	4
I did not see where this movie was going Jordan Peele my hats off to you you will leave in shock	4
Entertaining but the movie's plot falls a part and becomes unrealistic in the end. This movie tried too hard to be culturally thought provoking without any true depth. Never going to be a classic.	3
Dark, twisted, disturbing. Smart, engaging, moving. I'll be anxiously awaiting many a future offering from Peele (and Kaluuya, too).	4
It has been very difficult to find a horror film in the 21st century that even surpasses 3 stars. However, Jordan Peele's Get Out brought back everything that was good about a classic horror film and combined it with the modern production quality needed to make a brilliant movie. While there were a few jump scares along the way, it seemed like Get Out mostly relied on plot, visuals, and score to scare the audience. The acting was phenomenal and while it was clear that Peele was trying to get some social commentary across in his film, it was subtle so it didn't come off as propaganda. I'd consider this movie a must-see for horror fans.	4
Good acting by Daniel and Allison, keeps you intrigued but in the end was a let down once the whole story is uncovered.	2
Phenomenal movie. So interesting and well written. Very unique. Great acting. Definitely 5 stars.	5
Part Guess who's coming to dinner/the strpford wives/the Manchuria candidate! This was a very creative, inventive story. Well acted and well thought out. I would definitely recommend this!	5
Now here is a great horror film. Probably surprising, considering it's from the mind of Jordan Peele, a comedian best known for Key & Peele on Comedy Central. Apparently he has a knack for horror, as well. It throws away all of the disgusting, demeaning horror flicks that have defined the genre for the last decade; all of the movies that must strip away their own dignity and bring themselves to such grisly, low levels in a cheap attempt to get a scare. This movie is scarier than all of them, and earns its scares.  It stars Daniel Kaluuya as Chris, a young black man who is going up to visit his white girlfriend's family. His girlfriend, Rose (Allison Williams), and her parents are white, middle-class, liberals, who "would have voted for Obama a third time" if they could. Even so, Chris picks up what he perceives to be the subtle racism present in even these families. Of course, this being a horror film, it turns out to be something much more sinister.  This movie is branded as a "horror-comedy," which I would disagree with. Sure, there's some comic relief, mostly thanks to one character, but this is a horror film, and even more so a mystery. And when the mystery is finally revealed towards the end, it makes everything that happened before it all the more creepy. After this revelation occurs is when the movie becomes a classical horror film, and the final act is done smartly and very entertainingly.  The way this movie tackles racism is also very smart. Unlike last year's overblown Zootopia, this film deals with serious political issues without forgetting to make a movie. Subtle racism is the theme here; not the blatant racism found in the KKK or the alt-right, but in everyday, middle-class, even liberal folks who try so hard to accept African-Americans that they end up simply making them more uncomfortable. It takes the concept of subtle racism and builds a fantasy out of it; a sort of "what if" question kind of film that takes a real element in our society and imagines a creative backstory behind it. This film isn't as politically charged as you might think, though; there is smart social commentary, but not so much that it becomes an ideological preach. There's a really good, scary story here that compliments its message rather than exclusively becoming it.  The end of the film is fun, entertaining, and thrilling, like any good horror movie ending should be - think Halloween and The Shining. It's not, as the trailers seem to be trying to make us think, a weird, random, nonsensical ghost story. It's neither supernatural nor a slasher; Peele comes up with a unique horror concept that lends itself to one of the best horror movies in recent years. It's not gloomy, depressing, or demeaning; even in its darkest moments, there's fun, excitement, thrills, and, in the most classical sense of the word, horror.--Rating: 4/4	5
Outstanding production.	5
It represented racism in so many different ways that is just... fascinating	5
Dá uns sustos, é envolvente...mas para quem já tá calejado de filmes de terror e suspense...não é tanto assim. É muito bom. Mas.....	3
weird suspension but pretty good	3
Really good. Scary, intense, interesting, unique, entertaining, well written, well filmed. Overall, this movie was creative. I would recommend this movie!	4
'I told you not to go in that house.'	3
Amazing movie; it truly speaks out about the racism in modern day America and how it relates to slavery.	5
Excellent movie with lots of suspense.	4
Get Out is one of the best thrillers to come out in...well, ever. I feel like this movie wouldn't be as intense and unsettling, or nearly as relevant, if it hadn't come out in 2017. It was more than sufficiently creepy. The acting by Daniel Kaluuya was phenomenal. There were scenes that made the viewer feel powerless, or "sunken", even. Oddly enough for a scary movie, there were almost no parts where you as the viewer would have done things differently. This is what I feel makes it a must-see. Also, it's very hard for me not to enjoy a movie in which the main character's name is Chris.	4
A fantastic horror satire from the incredibly talented Jordan Peele, from the comedy duo Key and Peele. The film has brilliant acting, especially from Daniel Kaluuya who is without a doubt one of the most talented rising British actors. The film is brilliantly directed as it's able to be both very tense and horrifying while maintaining a brilliant level of hilarity and irony. The ending may be a bit disappointing for some but I loved it, it was a fantastic climax and a brilliant pay off to everything that had been so excellently set up. There are a couple flaws but the rest of the film is so good that it easily eclipses them. Also this film is destined to have a great rewatch factor due to there being so many little details that you pick up on upon reflection. Get Out is a fantastic horror comedy and definitely one of 2017's best so far. A	4
A unique and one-of-a-kind horror film unlike anything I have seen before. With some amazing techniques, some clever laughs and on-point social critiques, true scares and thrills, a great story and outstanding cast, and one hell of a twist, Jordan Peele has outdone himself as a writer and artist and made his mark as a director and filmmaker. Time will tell what else he is capable of and I for one look forward to whatever it may be, be it comedy, horror, or any genre he tackles.	4
This movie had me from the very beginning. Jordan did a fantastic job and it was easily a movie you don't want to look away even for a second.	5
Oh my god! Never seen anything like this in all my years on the face of the Earth and boy am I shocked. I just do not know what to do with all thatI'm feeling right now. I'm just so frazzled!!!!!!!!	5
Get Out (Jordan Peele, 2017) - 10/10	5
This was perhaps the only love story I could get behind. Just kidding. Great and scary this movie is....I wish more movies were written as intense as this one.	4
Get Out is at its best when the twists and aesthetic of the movie kick in. The acting and directing is great and with a gray screenplay the movie is one of my favorites of 2017 so far.	4
Not going to lie, I was expecting more. All the hype around this movie and how good it was. Don't get me wrong, the suspense and mystery was very good but there are parts left unanswered. The opening scene for one and the medieval mask on his car seat at the end. How about the BINGO winner? Nonetheless a very good story and very good movie. I was just expecting a bit more like in Gone Girl.	4
Jordan Peele's Get Out is a smart satirical horror film about a black man in a rich white neighbourhood is surprising, shocking, and funny.	4
Predictable film that attempts to be edgy through racial pandering.	1
Fantastically original	5
This is the most original Horror film I've seen since The Autopsy of Jane Doe. WTF movie of the year so far, must watch!!!	5
La pelicula es sorprendente, rapida y concreta. La historia que desarrollan es genial, con el tema de racismo como protagonista.	5
Such a slow beginning - was nearly half-way through and the 'scary" stuff was just beginning... and found the whole plot/situation rather unexciting. Mostly just felt uncomfortable and bored, and like "ok, so when is the 'action' going to start?" Finally gave up finishing it half-way in.	2
It is great at building tension slowly and steadily, but all of the previously built tension and unease is immediately alleviated during multiple cheap, unimportant jump scares	4
************SPOILER**************Half a star off because I wanted Dre to be saved. Unless I missed something? Lol	4
6.9/10Some parts are unrealistic but in overall the movie is satisfying horror in their way.	3
The movie is smart and a good psychological horror. The first half is very well developed, but from the second half on it looked to me like they were in a hurry to finish the movie and didn't explore certain aspects of the story as deep as they could have, which is a pity. Nevertheless, it's a movie worth watching.	3
Consider your situation fucking handled	5
This is some of the most well thought out writing I have seen in a horror movie. I would be shocked if this doesn't become a classic.	4
The film overall was very well made, you can see from the first 5 minutes that there was going to be either several slight or one massive plot twist. The plot twist were very small but numerous twist, but they all added up... Being a thriller you always expect scenes to scare, but the writers and the directors allowed comedy in this film, which in my view helped the story develop and in the end the mixture of slight comedy and full thriller scenes really made this film...	5
Best movie I've seen in a very long time!Highly recommend it	5
I'm watching this for the second time since last night. Jordan Peele is a genius! What a well done movie. Very smart!	5
How this movie has such a high rating is beyond me. Boring storyline with an obvious plot leaves this piece of steaming hot garbage dead on arrival. Usual racebaiting Hollywood at its finest. I guess it's an easy play for Hollywood these days portraying blacks as naive and gullible fools languishing at the barbaric and jealous white folk.	1
Get Out admittedly was not as good as I thought it'd be, although it still entertained as a delightfully delirious horror comedy. All things considered I thought the script was really good and the acting, in hindsight, was excellent. Some creepy/funny performances and a really interesting plot. The best friend was a total show stealer and most of his humor worked, although he didn't always fit the situation. Then again, it is a hor-com.Pacing could be slow at times, and jump scare sounds were done where they weren't needed, but ultimately I had some fun with this one, with the plot being only workable in a comedy.I'm giving Get Out an Enjoyable rating.	3
Besides the interesting social commentary this movie presents, the main story is nothing new. A very slow paced feel with characters that never truly get fleshed out, I was left wanting more. Peele defiantly has the talent to direct and I expect a more polished film from his next outing.	1
Get out is almost a perfect film!!	5
Nice, but I thought it'd be scarier. Good social critique.	4
Everything you could want from a movie like this. A perfect plot, a perfect cast, and an excellent twist ending that I never saw coming. The family that Chris visits is deffinetly creepy the first time you see them. You can tell something is off. Which is perfect! Now this movie probably has one of my all time favorite opening scene. So overall I don't really have any complaints about this particular movie. The only thing I would comment on is the *Spoilers* Killer we see at the start with the mask should've been included more. It's close to perfect. So deffinetly watch this, horror fan or not.	4
"The Mind is a terrible thing to waste". The idea of a comedy star writing and directing a horror film was strange to me, but Jordan Peele broke my expectations. This film was excellent. The best film of 2017!! The plot is simply this "Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to visit her parent's for the weekend. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined." This film destroyed my expectations. Jordan Peele did an excellent job writing and directing a truely terrifying horror film. This film had everything perfect. The acting was excellent, the soundtrack was so well composed, the directing was excellent. An all round excellent film. Daniel Kaluuya was excellent in this film. He played the character so well. I see a bright acting career. Jordan Peele also has a bright career in writing and directing, this film is an excellent example of how amazing horror films can be without being cliche. The soundtrack was so chilling and fit the film. The runtime was perfect and the pace of the film was excellent. Overall, an amazing example of horror at its finest. Definitely one of the best horror films in the last 17 years, possibly even more. The best film of 2017 this definitely is. Rating: 10/10	5
One of the greatest films ever made.	5
An interesting movie, full of scary situations and awkward people. I thought the reasons of the weird thing were everything but what happened at the end. So, I recommend a lot this one if you want a not conventional movie.	4
An unsettling, yet oddly humorous debut from writer/director Jordan Peele which tackles the humor, horror, and awkwardness of racism in today's world, while also providing an original plot with excellent characters.	4
It's the new movie everyone is talking about and critics are raving about, as for me, I couldn't wait to get out...of the theater. Guess who's coming to dinner? It's a black man coming home to a rich suburban white families house for the weekend, and despite their black servants, they're extremely nice to their daughters new boyfriend, too nice, something weird is going on. Yes, something weird is going on, only Chris Washington (Daniel Kaluuya) is too stupid to realize it! He's so deeply in love with his girlfriend of all of four months, that not only can't he see what's going on right in front of his face, but he doesn't try to talk to her about it, he doesn't try to investigate any of it, he just sort of goes with the flow. People are raving about this noir thriller, when it is one of the most poorly written films I've seen in a while. Major plot holes aside for the moment, there is absolutely no character development, no chemistry between the actors, and worst of all they don't even reveal the main plot until twenty minutes before the thing is over! Yes, it's weird, yes, something is going on, but the writers don't even hint at what that is! They don't even give us a chance to figure out what it could possibly be. At first it was interesting and I was hoping there would be clues to help us figure out what might be going on, that maybe Chris would find evidence or over hear something, but no such luck. Maybe there could have been a scene without him, that gave us some insight, there was absolutely nothing until the very end, when it was all thrust into our faces and even then it really didn't make a whole lot of sense. Without giving anything away, they never answer the fundamental question, why black people? I never liked traditional noir, but at least most of the time the acting is good and you have some idea of what's going on. This film is just one big circle of confusion and to be honest with you, aside from some terrific comic relief, I hated every minute of it.	1
Awesooooooome! Enough said.	5
Entertaining, suspenseful, funny, surprising and with a very important message and deep possible meanings, this is a movie that really stands out in the genre. It masterfully creates a great atmosphere of suspense throughout the entire film and has you bitting your nails from the intrigue and the mystery. The performances from Alisson Williams, Daniel Kaluuya and Lil Ren Howery are delightful, but the best of this movie is definitely its writer/director Jordan Peele, who has demonstrated that he has a great future on the industry.	4
It's a lotta fun ! Sometimes shocking and funny. But a good time for sure . I thought it was refreshing piece of film making . Innovative with a little bit Twilight Zone or Tales from the crypt feel.	3
#GetOut is way boring, derivative, generic... but let's start from the top; most of the characters are caricatures. Except for the underdeveloped protagonist who we never get a chance to relate or empathize with, and his co-star whose character is too predictable by the direction of the film, even when Jordan Peele made a very poor set-up for her twist and had to do it in the middle of the third act.The script is very lazy; 75% of this painfully slow movie is basically something that should just be set-up in the teaser alone. All the key factors for the resolution happen way too conveniently and are crammed in a pace-breaking, rapid Act III. The comedy relief moments--even though unfitting for the theme and tone of the film--are actually the most memorable scenes. This alone should tell you how much of a mess this is.	1
I liked the concept but still felt it disappointingly predictable.	3
Love seeing a smart Horror film with Unbelievably superior social commentary.	4
A comedy/Thriller with a slick social message that is deftly directed by first timer Jordan Peele. It has thrills to match its laughs and a great lead performance by Daniel Kaluuya who makes you care for and root for. Also good are Jones, WIlliams, Whitford and Keener. Well written and after a slow beginning, a great pace. One of the year's best films I have seen. 06-12-2017	3
Ok so I finally saw this after much anticipation. Peele's direction and creativity shows a lot of promise but overall -- I was highly disappointed. It was building up to something great but the "resolution" had major plot holes and really negated its own social message in the process. Womp womp.	2
I was so excited for this movie given all of the outstanding reviews. Unfortunately, I was sad to find out the entire movie was laid out in the previews. The storyline went a little too far fetched for my taste even though I liked the idea and overall premise of the movie it was not enough to keep me entertained the entire time. I am surprised at how many outstanding reviews this is being given.	2
It is great at building tension slowly and steadily, but all of the previously built tension and unease is immediately alleviated during multiple cheap, unimportant jump scares	4
Really awesome and just so many layers in the movie.	4
100% This film was great! I was on the edge of my seat the entire time.	5
So is the end message here that white people are racist or that they are insane? Or is it that black people are physically better than all other races? Good twists but in the end is a racist movie against blacks and whites.	2
Rather obvious as to what's happening and why fairly quickly. I will give this high marks for the performers zest, the bawdy comedy aspects, and the campy tone throughout. But it's hard to ignore the easily spotted influences here ("The Stepford Wives," "Freejack," and such like.) Fun to watch one time, but this doesn't strike me as a film with lasting power, or one that people will remember long after it's over. "Oh well, that was a hoot. What else haven't I watched I've heard a lot about..."	3
Really good! Not as scary as I thought, which was nice. I didn't know what to expect just that this was a "different" horror movie, and it definitely was. The plot developed so nicely and even after the climax, there was still enough plot left over to make a nice ending that didn't feel abrupt.	4
Some of you motherfuckers here are writing ridiculous long reviews. You people must have a lot of time in your hands. Leave this shit to the actual critics and just give an honest opinion sheathe Roth like it or not.	4
This movie is good, it's really good. The idea behind it is new and interesting and execution doesn't fail the idea. The middle part of the movie is nearly a masterpiece with the mystery being raveled around the young black man. But the ending... that's where my main critique of this movie appears. The ending is an utter frustration for me, it's just a trite revenge of a black man. I mean, come on, after this beautiful premise, even innovative for a genre, you resolve all this in a bloody one-sided act of vengeance which delivers nothing, actually, no thrill at all, it's predictable with its each step.Another beautiful thing about this movie that it's multilayered. It could be interpreted differently. It could be seen as a sarcasm on black man's fears of white people, it could be seen as mockery of a 'liberal' white society underneath which lies pure racism. Interpretations could go on and on. And it's a beautiful thing for a horror movie.	3
Solid, but there was too much expectation and hype going in. Offers a unique premise, using horror to make points of social commentary. That said the vehicle was a fairly straight forward horror film.	2
There's enough here to keep you hooked unto the end...even if it is a predictable one.	3
Crazy, spontaneous, daring, Get Out will keep you on the edge of your seat for the entire ride.	4
GET OUT gives Jorden Peele an amazing start to his filmmaking career. This is a must-see Horror/Comedy filled with great suspension, jokes, writing. This redeems the past few years of awful clique horror films that came out of Hollywood.	4
Get Out is on the the most uniquest horror movie I've ever seen my life and of 2017. The acting is outstanding in this movie it actually really fits the mood of this film. The directing by Jordan Peele (Who is actually a comedian, and actor in Keanu, and TV's Key and Peele) is outstanding and very well done. The writing and the storytelling was also very interesting and gets you on the edge of your seat. But, the ending was a little bit careless, and they could have done more with it. But everything else in the film was fantastic including the twist to the film. Get Out is a very well done movie and is actually a really good movie for fans of horror and for none horror fans as well.	4
One of a kind movie, unique...go see it, a voir!	3
The brilliance of the movie is Jordan Peele's ability to amalgamate a suspenseful thriller with a poignant satire without coming off as campy or heavy-handed.	5
Mystery and Suspense for sure!	4
All around amazing movie, very suspenseful and smart.	4
They should have paid need to go see it. I thought it was corny.	2
Great movie with a well thought plot.Enjoyed greatly	4
A unique take on a stepford wives style thriller.	4
Weirdly good. You know it's a horror movie going in, but I did not expect the turns it took.	5
Solid thriller. See it.	5
Well-made, but silly. Good pace.	3
I don't get all the hype. The movie is simply ridiculous. A little scary and startling at first but most of the way the audience gaffed at the silliness and absurdity of it all. Gets one star for the lead actor and his friend	1
"White people are bad in everything, why do they always have to be the villain?!?!?" My goodness, calm down. You're acting as if no other race/ethnicity is ever portrayed as the villain. If I complained every time the only Hispanic in the movie was a drug dealer, gang member, or the help, I'd lose my mind. Some of you need to stop trying to play the victim card when you know it isn't the same. You're not the victim. You're not being oppressed. You're not underrepresented. STOP. If you're not racist, then you're not racist, but stop trying to act as if racism doesn't still exist. Stop taking movies with a message personally if they don't apply to you. Instead, let them inform you on some of the crap people have to go through because of something as simple as the color of there skin.	5
good scary movie with mystery comedy really nice executed brilliant directing	4
Wow !!! Speechless ! Absolutely a must see. Felt a bit like the twilight zone meets noir meets hysterical. One of the best movies I've seen in 10 years. It was brilliantly written, uncomfortable and so many times while watching I was like what the... it's on the edge of offensive and paranoia, playing on stereotypes, but somehow moves past that. Great movie ! Well done, Bravo !	5
Lots of Hype! No real reason for it though. This is a long boring poor attempt at a twilight zone'esqu genre. No surprises, ridiculous attempt at spot lighting current events. This movie only deserves the remaining 1% as a rating, not the 99% it has.	1
Wow bravo!!!! Great movie!! Very scary	5
Well acted and competently, if unimaginatively, shot. It does however have the plot of a 30 minute story with and expected twist and an hours padding to fill the space.. it also suffers from "just because" writing where literally the excuse for the twist is not given even when the characters ask about it.	2
This is a horror movie. But not so scary.. only intelligent. I had some fun with this one. Mixes racial questions with slasher movies... wait what?! It was nice to see ... some good performances and some nice contextal scenes. Funny.	3
Definitely lived up to the hype.	5
I was worried that this might be the kind of message movie that beats you over the head with its themes, but instead it was just a fantastic horror movie. Best of 2017, so far.	4
Please.......this is an abysmal pompous mess of a movie that does a disservice to the men who fought and in many cases died in Normandy	1
Fantastic movie. The lack of a protagonist makes it a fantastic film and allows for you to see the overall Battle of Dunkirk in its most overarching form.	5
Dunkirk is a tour de force of war, serving up satisfyingly intense and emotional resonance aided by a director in full command of his fleet and brought to life by a highly talented ensemble cast while honoring it's true story. As mentioned before, the cast is simply excellent all around. While there is a lack of dialogue for the most part within the film, the actors all bring their best to the film with an array of nuanced and grounded performances. Tom Hardy frequently steals the film as the pilot while Harry Styles delivers a surprisingly great performance as well. Its just a shame that the characters, as interesting as they are, aren't really given the time to flesh out due to the stacked number of cast members which can make it pretty hard to actually relate to any of them. The way Nolan tells the story is both innovative and a bold move. By telling the story of the evacuation through air, land and sea, he captures the scope of the ear effort and most surprisingly is how successfully he manages to run them all together so that its not jumbled up in a garbled mess. It's a harrowing tale of craft and survival that also explores the usual themes of war morality and ambiguity that boasts an endless selection of memorable moments, all while staying within its PG-13 rating, which actually works very well. The film's pacing clips by quickly, never letting go as the intensity ramps up and the stakes become all too clear as it grabs you in for the ride. Nolan's direction is amazing here, and honestly, it has never been better. With this film, he has crafted an epic in every sense of the word. There's the sweeping camera shots, the dynamic aerial sequences, and the feeling that Nolan manages to balance so many moving parts, being the dramatic story and the technical components so well. His direction is unique to the genre and somehow he manages to make the film feel as if it is beyond even us. Given the film's lack of development for its characters, somehow Dunkirk still manages to be a very intense and emotional ride. Most of the deeply moving sequences come at the most surprising moments, but not because they are manipulated, as many films do, but because of how well crafted they are. But it also retains a sense of hope that we can all survive this. Nolan's vision for the film shines through easily, and Dunkirk explores the themes of everyday heroism and beings forth inspirational messages. The visuals and cinematography are simply breathtaking and the intense musical score that echoes throughout the film elevates it all. Despite being a PG-13 war movie, Dunkirk satisfies like so few can. Its the best war film since Saving Private Ryan and will stay with you, whether you liked it or not for a long time.	4
A definite step-up for the always-interesting Nolan after the overreaching misfire Interstellar. I liked the strong sense of verisimilitude and grittiness imbued in Dunkirk. The danger and emotional turmoil of the various characters felt palpable and close. It takes a while for the narratives to come together, but when they congeal near the end, the movie packs an emotional wallop. If there's only one gripe, it's that the soundtrack can feel overpowering and manipulative at times.	4
Dunkirk is not Nolan's best movie, but it may be his most visually pleasing. Intense, emotional, wildly entertaining. Rylance nails his role, and Hardy is the best spitfire pilot you've ever seen.	4
Dunkirk is another great film from Christopher Nolan. This WW2 film ditches the classic war film to deliver a non-linear thriller low on dialogue and high on breathtaking shots.	5
this movie should win the best picture Oscar. My 13 year old son loved it also. We highly recommend!	5
visceral and immersive	5
Christopher Nolan re-invents the war genre film, by making it into a non-linear narrative story telling and cutting off the graphic images and war violence to accommodate the young adult viewers as well.	4
Spitfire scenes make the film	3
It's well made and it's an interesting historical event. There were some thoughtful sequences but not enthralling. It's just pretty good. Not super high on the rewatchability scale. 6.9 out of 10	3
Inspiring.This film has my vote for best Horror film of the year. It plays with our primal instincts using cramped spaces, the threat of drowning, and the score, OH that score! The use of Infrasound was phenomenal, and that ticking kept me from getting comfortable in my seat. I didnt think it would be possible to feel claustrophobic in an open space.	4
One of Christopher Nolan's best films. When you watch this movie you feel intense like your in it.	5
Not really my cup of tea. That mental block about history prevented me from understanding the story prior to watching this, and also during the action. The fact that everyone seemed to be wearing the same uniform meant character familiarisation was near impossible, almost to the extent that I nearly overlooked Harry Styles being in this because he blended in that much. I'm sure this gives a great depiction of true events from people in the know, but from me it's a sad tale for completely different reasons.	2
A new approach to a war movie that pays of when everyting comes together.	4
A truly stunning and beautiful film with a dramatic and suspenseful score from Hans Zimmer. With fantastic performances including surprise Harry Styles. This movies pace works perfectly as the action dips in and out at the right moments. Christopher Nolan delivers another great film from beginning to end. 4.5/5	4
While not Nolan's best, it's still pretty good. The time jumps were possibly unnecessary, but all the storylines are purposeful and engaging. All acting is top notch and the whole film is tense yet hopeful.	4
IMAX 70mm screening - one of the strongest experiences I've ever felt in the cinema. Masterpiece Mr. Nolan!	5
Not as good as I thought could of been made alot better	2
Great storytelling and visuals, it's so genuine you almost forget it's a movie and not actual footage from the war. A worthy homage to WWII and any war movie ever made. Great acting by all and very well shot. Another Christopher Nolan success.	5
Brilliantly acted, beautifully filmed, and masterfully crafted, Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk proves to be a solid, unconventional war film that stands up there with classics such as Saving Private Ryan and Full Metal Jacket.4/5 stars	4
I gotta hand it to Christopher Nolan for continuing to make intelligent and provocative movies. The first thing to consider with this flick, though, is that it isn't a "war movie" in the traditional sense, even though its subject matter concerns the military operation that took place in Dunkirk, France, during the Second World War, May 10, 1940. Most war movies are linear, telling their story in a fairly straightforward manner. They may involve heroism, carnage, things blowing up, but they normally progress from point A to point B in order to retell dramatically the events of the historic event. They also generally follow a single protagonist (or a handful of characters) who inevitably survives the event. This film, however, is using the vehicle of the historical event to explore the themes present in Nolan's general corpus of work so far; namely, the nature of time, the feeling of being trapped, memory, and heroism in the face of defeat. To that end the film is a great success because it is reflecting on the response of individuals to an inexorable catastrophe. In fact, the film struck me as Nolan's commentary on the terrorist attacks on New York in 2001. Noticeably, the same elements from prior films such as water, mist, darkness, and nightmarish experience are present in Dunkirk, making the work another episode in the megafilm of dream experience which develops across the span of Nolan's other works. So what is Christopher Nolan trying to say in all these films? Of the many themes, the most prominent seems to be that sense of being trapped; Memento's Leonard is trapped in his own head and faulty memory (and his girlfriend ends up trapped in a garbage bag), Batman's Bruce Wayne is trapped in the cycle of revenge and violence, the characters in Interstellar are trapped on a dying world. In Dunkirk the historic material certainly confirms this sense of being trapped, but Nolan adds images of men being trapped in sinking ships, trapped in sinking airplanes, trapped in the dark hold of a vulnerable fishing boat whilst being shot at; he has long camera shots down alleyways, or through flagpoles that look like prison bars, or through the POV of fighter pilots; he has disorienting shots filmed from a camera strapped to the side of a plane in a dogfight, or terrifying shots of men burning in oily water, or nightmarish shots of men trying to clamber onto a lifeboat at night. Even the Enemy, the German Panzergruppe von Kleist, remains dark and invisible until the very end of the film making them a terror out of the nightmare subconscious. Additionally, Hans Zimmer's use of the endless "Shepherd's Tone" illusion creates a rising tension and claustrophobia while the confusing shifts in time lay bare to the audience their own experience of being trapped in an inexorable linear progression, unable to escape from the events of their own time. But for Nolan there is no "escape", no cavalry, no happy land far far away to which we can flee from these prison walls. Nolan's vision of salvation is far more mature. He seems to suggest that salvation is not an escape from pain or suffering - but rather comes from the thousand little choices each character makes to give all they have in order to preserve human life. The ending of the movie, echoing Churchill's famous speech embodies this stoic perseverance in the face of defeat: "we shall never surrender... (we shall) carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old." Sometimes it is the job of the artist to remind his audience of truths they have forgotten. The bending of time which occurs in the film seems to suggest that this perseverance is not new but has repeated in generation after generation; the perseverance of the Greeks against overwhelming Persia, the endurance of the Viennese against the siege of the Sultan, the persistence of the British regulars at Rorke's Drift. Time and again there have been individuals in crisis situations who have panicked, despaired, exhibited cowardice or cruelty - but there have also been those individuals who, despite knowing they would fail, persisted in doing what they saw as right. Individuals whose actions echoed Claude MacKay who said, "Like men we'll face the murderous, cowardly pack, / Pressed to the wall, dying, but fighting back!" Individuals who though "Made weak by time and fate, (were) strong in will / To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield". It is this amazing quality of our race that inspires others to similar action and it is this amazing quality that Christopher Nolan has so masterfully captured in this excellent film.	5
A film that should be shunned from viewing unless at an IMAX theater. Dunkirk brings everything a film should be and more.	4
Start to finish...Incredible	4
Great movie. Shave off the last 10 minutes, and it would be even better.	4
Nowhere near as good as the hype. Just your average war flick with some choices that made no sense.	1
"It maybe an unconventional war film but "Dunkirk" is gripping, haunting, engaging and unforgettable from beginning to end and it's easily one of Christopher Nolan's very best films"Movie Review: DunkirkDate Viewed: July 21 2017Written and Directed By Christopher Nolan (Memento, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight Rises, Inception, Insomnia and Interstellar)Starring: Fionn Whitehead, Jack Lowden, Tom Glynn-Carney, Harry Styles, Aneurin Barnard, James D'Arcy, Barry Keoghan, Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy and Mark Rylance.War can be extremely terrifying once you get stuck in the middle of it. Christopher Nolan's powerful new movie "Dunkirk" is simply the best war film to come out since "Saving Private Ryan". It doesn't have heroes or a straight-forward story, it just centers around the Dunkirk evacuation and how brutal war can be. Nolan deserves credit all around for honoring and telling this story. Not only did he shoot "Dunkirk" using IMAX cameras, he also employed thousands of extras and brought together boats and planes that had participated in the real evacuation.After making emotionally-compelling superhero movies ("The Dark Knight" Trilogy), mind-bending thrillers (Memento, Insomnia and Inception) and a grand sci-fi epic (Interstellar), Christopher Nolan has not only made the best war film I've seen in years, it's also the best film of 2017 so far (sorry "War for the Planet of the Apes").Set during World War II, 18 months after the bombing on Pearl Harbor, "Dunkirk" is told in three different perspectives, by land, sea and air. On land, we first encounter a young British Private named Tommy (Fionn Whitehead) who comes under fire from German soldiers while running on the streets of Dunkirk. Tommy makes it to the perimeter but he's the only one in his unit to make it out alive. Once at the perimeter, he joins other allied troops (most of them British and French) standing in line in preparation for evacuating the beach.On the beach, he meets a low-ranking soldier named Gibson (Aneurin Barnard) who just buried a friend of his and after almost getting pounded by a German air raid, they sneak onboard a ship known as the Mole. However, their ship gets attacked also, they manage to save a British army private named Alex (Harry Styles) and they get onboard another ship. Everywhere they turn to for safety, war is all around them and there is no escaping from it.Meanwhile at sea, a quietly, determined mariner named Mr. Dawson (Mark Rylance) brings along his son Peter (Tom Glynn-Carney) and teenage hand George (Barry Keoghan) on their private boat as they sail off to Dunkirk in the hopes of finding survivors. Along the way, they encounter a shell-shocked soldier (Cillian Murphy) who warns them not to go to Dunkirk. He tells Mr. Dawson and his two teenage boys that he was the sole survivor of a U-boat attack and when he hears that they're heading for Dunkirk, he warns them to turn away immediately. Even though the shell-shocked soldier is never named, Cillian Murphy makes the most out of his performance here and his role bares in complete resemblance to Jeremy Davies' cowardly role from "Saving Private Ryan". Both of these actors might be playing the same part but they have different motivations. We also get two Royal Air Force Spitfire pilots, Farrier (Tom Hardy) and Collins (Jack Lowden) who get caught up in one dogfight after another with the enemy."Dunkirk" is grand scale summer entertainment at it's best, just about everything flows through, Hans Zimmer's heart-pounding musical score, the incredible aerial action sequences, the amazing ensemble cast, Hoyte van Hoytema's dashing cinematography, the production design and Lee Smith's prestige editing. Writer and director Nolan studied every inch of this fact-based story well and he also made extensive use of practical effects. There's little CGI here, it's just a hard-hitting and well-crafted war thriller.It maybe an unconventional war film but "Dunkirk" is gripping, haunting, engaging and unforgettable from beginning to end and it's easily one of Christopher Nolan's very best films. Finally, kudos to Harry Styles for making such an impeccable acting debut.	5
There's no need to judge Christopher Nolan's film--just great as ever!	5
Overhyped, and ultimately a disappointment.It is great to see a World War II movie come out this year. It is even better that it isn't American centric. I love my country, but we have made it this idea we won World War II by ourselves which isn't the case.The movie has some pretty spots, taking the story of three groups that intertwine. The first group about British Spitfires (fighter planes) trying to give some cover, and engaging with German air force. Resulting in Tom Hardy having the only interesting action in the movie.The second story about a small civilian ship as part of the armada of civilians coming to rescue the trapped soldiers and the story that unfolds when they pick up a soldier from a sunk ship.Finally the third story is about two soldiers trying to survive on the beach, and wait for the rescue coming from the civilian ships.It was interesting that all three stories occurred over different period of time but ended together. The fighters story was within an hour, the ship within a few hours, and the soldiers within a couple of days. I think this could work in other movies, and I suspect this will spark a lot of copycats for that style. We will hate this just as much as other niche storytelling styles within a few years.The problem is there is actually very little story. It is hard to see that because the story keeps jumping around, but when you step back the story itself lacks anything. I have seen documentaries on Dunkirk that had more story. I don't know if there was never a full story, or if maybe the story got lost when Nolan was trying to break it up to fight the weird timing, but either way it is pretty barren.I cared nothing about the soldiers at all, Nolan provided nothing for the audience to care about. Tom Hardy was interesting, but that was because of him, not because the story gave him anything. The only story I felt a little compelling was about the civilian ship, its crew of two teens and an older man and how they handle picking up a survivor. Even this story though was lacking on details and when you step back you wonder where the other half of the story went.I will admit the possibility that the hype was so big that my expectations may be too high. I was told huge action sequences, and I didn't see that. This isn't Saving Private Ryan, or The Battle of Britain even. It was fairly boring for me, and I can really like slow movies. The movie has a short run time, but I was still looking at the clock before it was over.The good: It is an interesting way to tell a story, and it is nice to see a non-American based World War II movie.The bad: The pacing was slow, very little action or story, and very overhyped.This is a movie I would recommend if you are a die hard World War II fan, but even then wait until it hits Netflix.	2
Slow-paced but intense and keeps the audience at the edge of their seats. Excellent soundtrack by Hans Zimmer makes the movie even better.	5
i liked it but it was a bit repetitive	4
this short and simple. one of the most intense cinematic experiences I ever had in a movie theater. I take off a half star because you really don't know the soldiers but that's really not the point. this movie has to be seen in Imax in a movie theater because I don't think I will be the same watching it at home. IMO	4
I didn't care for the way the storyline jumped around so much, but still a compellingly realistic portrayal from the viewpoint of ordinary folks involved. If this doesn't get Christopher Nolan his Oscar nothing will.	4
Good movie for what it is: an intense action-packed war movie. Other than that, this is pretty disappointing coming from Christopher Nolan. Probably my least favorite from Nolan. I wish there was more character development.	4
Slow but surisingly brutal.	4
Music is amazing ! Honestly capturing !	4
excellent war movie. Excellent truth about war and those people who lost their lives to win war; smart strategy and accountability for actions.	5
A Triumph War Film for The Ages!Hear me out. Back in 2001, I saw Michael Bay's Pearl Harbor and for what it was at the time I enjoyed it. Pearl Harbor was extremely slim and bleak when it came to historical accuracy versus capitalizing on the success of Titanic. Don't judge! I was in high school. The visuals, the sound, and the action sequences were incredible, and still are. However, I Ioved studying US History in school. I could watch Pearl Harbor and easily point out, "WWII planes did not fly like X-Wings from Star Wars!", and "There is no way Japanese pilots would carelessly drop a dozen bombs onto an open field with zero targets below!" I even remember my grandma saying in the theater, "There is no way those sailors would be painting a ship on a Sunday morning!" One smart lady. I walked away from Pearl Harbor having learned absolutely nothing new about the surprise attack. With the exception of Saving Private Ryan, I guess this was to be expected with a mega-budget World War II film released in the summer? However, Christopher Nolan refused to fall into the same mindless pattern with Dunkirk. Based on the true events surrounding a pivotal time in the early years of WW2, when the US had not yet entered the war. German forces had British and French soldiers retreating in France, only to find themselves trapped on the French shores of the English Channel in Dunkirk. It was here hundreds of thousands of Allied troops frantically waited for excavation transports while German troops, planes, and U-boats sought to keep them from returning to England. The film does not star anyone. Sure, the cast includes A-list names like Tom Hardy (who once again spends the majority of the film having his face covered with a mask), Kenneth Braugnh, Mark Rylance, Cillian Murphy, even keep an ear out for Michael Caine's voice cameo. However, no actor is the "center stage star" of Dunkirk. The main focus is on the storytelling of events. Not since Letters From Iwo Jima has there been a war film this grand and this realistic. Dunkirk can easily be placed amongst such classic war films like Saving Private Ryan, Das Boot, Bridge on The River Kwai, Patton, and Letters from Iwo Jima. Nolan ditches modern film techniques like heavy CGI, outlandish Hollywood characters, cheesy subplots, and tells the story directly as is, in the most old fashion style of cinema storytelling known to Hollywood. Dunkirk does not go without CGI and visual effects, but it knows when they are necessary and when they are completely out of the question. The most noticeable modern technique to Dunkirk is Nolan's decision to once again film the majority of the film in IMAX. A technic which has become a key signature to Nolan's films ever since he first conceived this technique with The Dark Knight in 2008. No 3D, just pure stunning and jaw dropping 70mm 2D IMAX film print. If you have the opportunity, you must witness and experience Dunkirk in 70mm IMAX. Trust me, you will not regret it. Dunkirk's pace is comparable to the countdown of a ticking time bomb. Thanks largely to the film's editors, and to Hans Zimmer's score. This is not the first time Zimmer has used the element of a ticking clock to set the mood and tone of the soundtrack, but for Dunkirk the impact and aid in building tension from the music stands out more than most other recent Zimmer scores. Dunkirk is told from multiple perspectives, and even at different times of day and events. A word of warning, the film's editorial transition from one group to another group can also transition between different times of the day as well. One group may be dealing with a situation, only to switch over to another group during the pre or post events of a situation. It may be daytime with one subplot, and then cut to someone else POV of a subplot where it's nighttime. This is not a mistake, this is all intentional in capturing the different POV of the evacuation, the attacks, the chaos. It will spark a WTF moment at first, but it is very easy to follow. Nolan is not a director who makes careless mistakes, he is known for taking his audiences and fans on a unique journey of storytelling which tends to break free from the typical Hollywood norm. When it comes to his overall execution of Dunkirk the results are shear brilliance. This is a film to hold on to and study for ages. A war film to proclaim its excellence at a time when superhero films donated the box office, and heavy 3D CGI sequels and remakes are premiering on a weekly basis. Christopher Nolan still dares to be an exception to the lack of originality and go all in on great old fashion style cinema, and what a cinematic triumph Dunkirk is! One of the best war films ever and easily one of the best films of 2017!	4
Wanted more action , but still a joy to watch	3
Good movie if a little slow at times. Good third act though	3
Dunkirk is a brilliant film that brings to life the utter terror and heroism of a real-life WWII story. An important film for our day.	5
Really good film Chris Nolan at his best	5
Looking to catch up on your reading or need to do your taxes? Pop this movie on as the perfect background noise. You certainly won't be sucked in by the lack of plot, or care about any of the boring characters.	2
Reviewed 7.21.17. Full disclosure, I am a fan of Christopher Nolan. I saw Insomnia in the theater when it was first released and have subsequently seen all of his writer/director creations. When it comes to big budget movies that still manage to keep it original and thought-provoking, no one in his generation of filmmakers tops him. So it comes with great disappointment that I must share with you (all zero of my readers, currently not a single profile view)....this isn't a great movie. It may not even qualify as a good movie. For one, when a soundtrack is the most compelling part of a movie, that isn't a good sign. I do give him credit for eschewing the regular heartstrings that most directors pull in war movies. He doesn't aim for cheap sentimentality, and it wouldn't be needed if he instead fully developed the main characters....or any characters. Instead, the movie plods on like a cool looking robot that isn't programmed to do anything. At the very least, it needed a heart. Everyone was just a number, and some talented actors were left adrift with very little screen time to emotionally connect with an audience. I can tend to be a softy, so when even the death scenes don't resonate with me, there's a problem. Thankfully I watched an IMAX screening, so the musical score and the action scenes were entertaining, but that's basically the whole she-bang here. I am not blind to the fairly high praise this movie is receiving, but I get the feeling a lot of people are assuming it's great because it's a Nolan movie. Or saying it's great because they think they should. I mean, the guy has never made a bad movie. But this one comes close. With all that said, for a lesser director, it'd be a fairly successful outing. And if you like war movies, and want to experience the sensation of being bombed, an IMAX viewing will satiate that masochistic desire. But a great movie is so whether viewed on a large theater screen, or at home in the middle of the night. And for all it's scarce beauty (and there are indeed phenomenal shots), if you stripped this one of its flashy presentation, you'd be left with a droning sleep device for your own insomnia.	2
I give this 1/10. This is not a historical movie. There is nothing in this movie that is informative about the details of dunkirk. The rear guard is totally forgotten and well as the city of Dunkirk. The movie is more about one pilot and a fisherman. The sound track is horrible, sounds like 70's or 80's vangelis. There is no character development. What are we left with? A tapestry of images with hardly any dialogue or history. There was an evacuation because Hitler halted the advancing army. The Detail of tis movie could be limited to a 3 minute newsreel.?	1
Visually stunning if confusing.	3
Nolan's best work since Inception. Everybody is a hero in Dunkirk.	3
An unforgettable, overrated movie. Emotionless, I never felt any tension, or feeling a sense of danger to any character.	1
Truly a masterpiece.	5
This is a difficult film to review because I have one main pro and one major con. The main aspect of the film that I enjoyed were the visuals. This is a stunning film that realistically portrays a major battle in WWII. However, my main concern after watching this film is that there was no character development whatsoever. It was so trivial, I don't remember any character names coming out of the film, and this movie has A-list power casting in Tom Hardy, Mark Rylance, and Kenneth Branagh. Overall, this is the classic film that only needs to be watched once, in theaters, and never again.	3
Wow! A low point in history portrayed in a movie that attempts to make you relive it in person!	4
An intense, gut-renching spectacle that needs to be see on the big screen. Beautifully shot and emotionally satisfying, Dunkirk is among one of Christopher Nolan's finests!!!Score: 8.7/10	4
Incredible movie, might not be as flowing a plot as other war movies but the scenes are so epic and incredibly realistic without being melodramatic. Gave a real feel of what it was like to be there. Nolan is a true master.	5
OMG, it was terrible! I'm not sure if it was because the movie was so hyped up or if it really, really sucked.	1
Fantastic. Engaging multiple story lines which al interlinked. Acting was brilliant and I actually felt I was there. CGI spot on and the music was atmospheric and haunting. Best movie I have seen this year. Well done Mr Nolan.	5
My one big complaint about this film is that it COULD have easily focused on true historical events that occurred. I was disappointed (no spoilers) about big name changes of key characters and total fiction that was added to the story. Having said all this - the film holds up well and gives those who are unfamiliar with this major turning point in WWII history. See it, but please do not think of it as historical. If you want factual perspective on actual events, please consider "The Miracle of Dunkirk: The True Story of Operation Dynamo" by Walter Lord or "Dunkirk: The History Behind the Major Motion Picture" by Joshua Levine. The latter is a very easy read and fills in the huge timeline gaps and resolves the fiction.	3
Very authentic cinematography but rambling storylines intertwined leaves you wondering is there any coherence? Has real emotional impact but overall disappoints. A documentary of the same events would be less visceral but more enjoyable & leave out the silly dramatic embellishments.	3
Heartbreaking, sad yet uplifting story which leads up to Winston Churchill?s famous we will fight them on the beaches speech. The WWII drama picks up with Great Britain being forced into the sea by the Nazis. With 400,000 combined forces of Britain, France and the Netherlands pushed to the beaches of Dunkirk, suffering strafing and bombing by the German Luftwaffe. Relentless artillery shelling and the advancing German ground assault. Kenneth Branagh as the British Beach Commander is faced with the seemingly impossible task of evacuating 400,000 troops with ships which can only carry 30,000. The story of the assembling of the greatest rag tag armada in history is the heart and soul of this epic war drama. It?s told through the eyes of civilian sailors, selfless and brave soldiers, and understaffed and overmatched aviators, who somehow rise to the challenge, allowing the Allies to live on and fight another day to ultimately crush the 1,000 year Reich.	5
Absolutely fantastic film, one of Nolan?s best to date.	4
Visually stunning in IMAX	4
Sensational film making that makes it worth seeing a film in IMAX. The scenes are unforgettable.	4
I enjoy storytelling like this - Watching a few movies all in one! There were some interesting connections to the story and I loved the historic story on its own merit. Being a big fan of history will benefit some and the telling of an unknown story to many will intrigue. Enjoy wonderful story telling while learning a thing or two about how human people can be.	4
Dunkirk places you right in the heart of the men that fought and were stranded at Dunkirk, and its beautifully relentless nature capture the good, the bad, and the ugly of the human spirit, and ultimately delivers a message of hope. Beautifully shot and once again fantastic direction from Christopher Nolan.	4
Classic. Oscar worthy film. And one of my favourite directors once again gives a heck of a film.	5
One of the greatest war movies ever made. Don't fucking watch this in your phone.	4
Masterpiece. Simply brilliant. What an outstanding tribute to a magnificent generation.	5
I think this has got to be one of the best movies I've seen. Of course, keep in mind that this IS a movie about one of the greatest moments in WW2 and therefore does not include many side stories. It's straight to the point and beautiful.The soundtrack does a great job of making the audience feel the urgency, joy, fear, and suspense exactly when needed. The graphics are so good. And don't shy away from Harry Styles being in the movie he actually does a good job:)HIGHLY recommend, especially if you've studied WW2 before:))))))))))	5
Stunning! Got to watch on a big IMAX screen and the 2 hours flew by. Don't think it's the best war film, but certainly up there.	4
great film! super intense THE WHOLE TIME. it really transports you to the war zone.	4
Technically stunning but poor editing and lack of story and dialogue made me disengage from film	2
Dunkirk is one hell of Film from Hans Zimmer's score and Sound Department being the stars	4
An amazing cinematic achievement	5
Great direction and cinematography. Excellent acting. Solid story. A must-see.	4
While super immersive and visually engaging the characters were bland and uninteresting. But I get the feeling that this was an intentional choice. And this detachment you feel also helps to let you appreciate the scale of the evacuations. But in the end I was slightly disappointed by the leach of story and interesting characters as it seems that they are the strongest aspects of a war movie. This is why I feel movies like Hacksaw Ridge score higher than Dunkirk.	3
Takes a while for it to build itself up, but overall it's a good movie.	4
I actually found the cinematography of the producer very frustrating. I know that's what he is known for but it wasn't done that great. Besides that. Great story!	4
Imagine a film that invokes feelings of sheer terror in not only its loudest sequences, but also its quietest. Dunkirk is a very different type of film than director Christopher Nolan is normally associated with, but make no doubts that it's got Nolan's fingerprints all over the aesthetics. To say that it all begins with thunderous start is a blatant disregard for the rest of events to follow. The sheer sound of the opening was emphatically violent, but rarely do viewers ever have a moment to catch their breath. It jumps between a handful of characters and focuses periodically on their efforts to survive a seemingly hopeless cause.Where many films use grotesque imagery and amplified emotion to depict the mental and physical distresses of war, Dunkirk instead takes a more subdued route.You'd be hard-pressed to find any one of the "main" characters having more than dozen or so lines, but each are delivered with more overbearing weight than the last. Where it lacks in dialogue, it more than makes up for in silent interactions-the look of defeat and despair, the feeling of impending doom. At its core, Dunkirk is a simple film. It transitions you from one checkpoint to another, but has you wondering whether or not this will be the last instance that our protagonists will be seen. Rarely will you ever feel at ease, and this is largely due to Hans Zimmer's amazing work on sound. Gunshots ring loudly, and explosions occur at a moment's notice. It isn't a long film, and it won't whisk you away to a romanticized, historical field trip. What it does do is make you feel like there's sand in your shoes-like you've only got seconds before you're out of air. You'll feel exhausted, but know that there's still much story to be had. You'll sink into your seat watching this film, and you won't be able to let go until the 90 minutes are over.	4
Worst movie ever...certainly not worth the time and money	1
I didn?t notice I was tense until the end of the movie when it got quiet for a second. Very good movie that brings the audience a glimpse at what it must have felt like to be there.	5
War I have great respect for Nolan, work, I think his Inception is one of great movies in decades, and his Batman trilogy was way ahead. But Dunkirk, left me w a ?? I think, arbitrariness of war, who gets shot and who survives, is so indifferent. Tragic loss of lives, small heroes, with nothing more than a sense of duty. There is no good and evil, this is all ambiguous, soldiers role is to survive to live another day, at any cost. War, tragic, indifferent, small heroic journeys, men doing what they do, to avert loss, or save lives, caught in the big stage of War.	3
Visually spectacular with a visceral feel to the movie. It is definitively worth watching in a movie theatre. You feel as if you are in the midst of the war and feel the helplessness of the soldiers. A departure from Nolan's usual work but still with the familiar non-linear storytelling. I am a huge Nolan fan but this stumbles with the same flaws as with his other movies. Which is the lack of character development and emotional connection. I understand that he tried to portray the collective experience of the soldiers but it still needed some fully formed characters. Nevertheless it is one of the top 5 war movies of all time.	3
Amazingly intense sequences, great performances and very very impressive effects. It's a pretty emotional movie, too.	4
The three timelines were confusing at first until I understood what Nolan was up to. Slow paced, methodical, theatrical. CGI too obvious in spots it didn't need to be. Like, couldn't Branagh go ahead and stand on an actual pier somewhere?	4
Late to the game, I saw it on the very last day it was playing in the theatre locally. After all, I needed to see Dunkirk on the big screen with big sound. Not that it's not wonderfully made with quality through and through, and the soldiers who were lost and those who survived have me utmost respect -- but this singular event, I believe one day...was just too redundant almost a bore...I couldn't wait to be over. [3.0 stars]	3
a very interesting look into the depictions of British soldiers dealing with the invasion of France we all know that World War II was crazy but Dunkirk shows us that if you pull together you can survive without winning die Nazis	4
I don?t know enough about the characters	3
Great movie, if it has more dogfight scenes it would be perfect.	4
I feel extremely bad for giving this movie a three-star rating. First, I really appreciate and admire Christopher Nolan for bringing a relatively unknown part of WWII to the big screen because I don't think I heard of the Battle of Dunkirk in school. The film is a very, very nice looking film. The camera work and the authenticity make for a great visual spectacle. The acting is great across the board. Everyone does a great job. Even the sense of dread and impending doom is great. You feel like you're in the middle of it all. But the biggest problem with this movie is the lack of character development and emotional investment. I know a lot of people state the argument that the film isn't about the characters or emotional connection and that it's more about the event. Look, I get that. But what's the point of having characters in a movie if you're not going to care much about what happens to them? I don't even know their names. And I know that with the situation that these men are in, they don't have time to sit around and swap sob stories and talk about their home lives. All that's important is to survive. And that's relatable, but it's not enough to form an emotional connection. It's sort of the equivalent of a generic slasher film with a bunch of teens trying to survive the killer. With no emotional connection or development, we're not going to care who lives or dies. And that's what happened here for me. Plus, the way the story was told with the different time spans confused me. All this also resulted in me being bored at times. I'm glad Dunkirk was made and I do appreciate all the positives it has, but it was a bit of a letdown for me. I know a lot of people were impressed with it and that's wonderful. Don't let what I say bother you. But it's also important to know that I'm not the only one who feels this way about the movie. Even people who love it understand that it's not gonna satisfy everyone and acknowledge the lack of real character development. Dunkirk is okay for me. It looks great, it's got great sense of scope, it's acted well and it brings a forgotten piece of history into the public eye. But it didn't serve up the emotionally satisfying spectacle that the Rotten Tomatoes consensus says it was supposed to.	3
A great story and a nail biter from beginning to end. You think you know the story, but it comes to life on the screen.	4
Good, but certainly not great.	3
Excellent! And I don't usually go for military movies. There was plenty of action but the real star of the movie is the story. If I had a vote it would get mine for best picture of the year. Future blu ray purchase.	4
The theme of this film was strong, with good actors and engaging music but poorly executed. The timeline doesn't translate well to the audience unless you watch it a second time. The characters are very standard, by the end of he film you can't recall any of the names of the characters but the sound effects and overall as a film holds up to make your time worth it.	3
the greatest war film ever made a masterpiece by the greatest director of out time christopher nolan	5
If you hadn't known Nolan was British prior to seeing this movie, you certainly would afterwards. Though it contains a generous amount of beautiful imagery and heart-stopping sequences, the overall tone of the film is constantly undercut by the equally gratuitous moments of romanticized patriotism. Of course, this is to be expected from a film about the Dunkirk evacuation, however it is played in a way that feels like a cliché manipulation of the audience. The non-linear timeline of the story does have an "Aha!" effect for the viewer eventually, but overall does not enhance the story in any way.	3
A true cinematic achievement	5
Really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really good	5
parts of a great movie hidden inside a mediocre one. the decision to tell the story out of sequence was needless and ineffective	3
It was a great anti-war film until the last ten minutes or so, where Nolan decided, in a schizophrenic way, to ruin everything he was building during the whole picture by introducing cheesy patriotism, unnecessary deus ex machina and reversing character behaviour. Shame...	3
Fantastic! The story, excellent acting and believable scenes bring this incredible human story to life in a way that keeps you thinking!	5
Amazing film. Full of suspense but also heart warming, Tom Hardy is oh so sexy and heroic and Harry Style can actually act!	5
Incredibly well-made movie. Much more visceral and less cerebral than other Nolan movies but just as entertaining and affective.	4
Everything you could possibly want in a movie. Nolan has done it again, and Dunkirk may be his best. Technically, this is brilliant work. Just unbelievable, visually. Often, the film is almost too intense to handle. The entire cast is really great, especially Rylance. I wish the young soldier's would've been a bit more fleshed out, the character's didn't seem that strong to me. What a movie, though. One of the best war films that have ever been made.	4
Disappointed. My father was at Dunkirk and I was really looking forward to this movie. Why would Nolan choose to create his own fictitious version of Dunkirk with a child being killed by a shell shocked soldier, heroic defenders seeming to shoot down Tommies in the beginning, a French soldier being threatened by theBrits beats me when the true story is one of the exceptional behaviour of the thousands of men waiting in line and helping each other.The characters were thinly drawn and dialogue was unimaginative ,playing to the audience in a typical Hollywood fashion.The incredible story deserved better................	1
This isn't your typical war drama. Exceptional storytelling, directing, acting and filming.	5
Nolan always does best drawing his audience into the moment of his films, making them feel like they are actually. Dunkirk is the pinnacle of his skills right now. Three non-linear timelines of settings makes me fill right there with the characters, feeling their tension, urgency and panic. It's rather like cinematic VR?	4
Dunkirk is not a perfect war film but does prove noteworthy for its relatively short runtime albeit packing in a realistically disorienting, intimate experience.	4
If you take the accounts of what really happened historically, then one could easily question why this movie was ever made. It just seems like a fight that leads to nothing. The poster even labels it as a battle that changed history, but the truth is, the event was a bit insignificant. As far as a storyline, the director did a great job. And the cinematography? PHENOMENAL and GORGEOUS. In the end, one of the young lads sums up the film pretty well by saying that all they did was "survive".Nevertheless, it was enjoyable and overall not a bad film.	3
I liked everything about it. The cinematography was great. The way the story was told was refreshing and different. Everyone needs to see this movie. The history of the movie alone is a must go.	4
Dunkirk is a tour de force of war, serving up satisfyingly intense and emotional resonance aided by a director in full command of his fleet and brought to life by a highly talented ensemble cast while honoring it's true story. As mentioned before, the cast is simply excellent all around. While there is a lack of dialogue for the most part within the film, the actors all bring their best to the film with an array of nuanced and grounded performances. Tom Hardy frequently steals the film as the pilot while Harry Styles delivers a surprisingly great performance as well. Its just a shame that the characters, as interesting as they are, aren't really given the time to flesh out due to the stacked number of cast members which can make it pretty hard to actually relate to any of them. The way Nolan tells the story is both innovative and a bold move. By telling the story of the evacuation through air, land and sea, he captures the scope of the ear effort and most surprisingly is how successfully he manages to run them all together so that its not jumbled up in a garbled mess. It's a harrowing tale of craft and survival that also explores the usual themes of war morality and ambiguity that boasts an endless selection of memorable moments, all while staying within its PG-13 rating, which actually works very well. The film's pacing clips by quickly, never letting go as the intensity ramps up and the stakes become all too clear as it grabs you in for the ride. Nolan's direction is amazing here, and honestly, it has never been better. With this film, he has crafted an epic in every sense of the word. There's the sweeping camera shots, the dynamic aerial sequences, and the feeling that Nolan manages to balance so many moving parts, being the dramatic story and the technical components so well. His direction is unique to the genre and somehow he manages to make the film feel as if it is beyond even us. Given the film's lack of development for its characters, somehow Dunkirk still manages to be a very intense and emotional ride. Most of the deeply moving sequences come at the most surprising moments, but not because they are manipulated, as many films do, but because of how well crafted they are. But it also retains a sense of hope that we can all survive this. Nolan's vision for the film shines through easily, and Dunkirk explores the themes of everyday heroism and beings forth inspirational messages. The visuals and cinematography are simply breathtaking and the intense musical score that echoes throughout the film elevates it all. Despite being a PG-13 war movie, Dunkirk satisfies like so few can. Its the best war film since Saving Private Ryan and will stay with you, whether you liked it or not for a long time.Final Verdict: 93 / 100	4
Incredibly real and emotionally harrowing, Dunkirk puts its audience into the eyes of these heroes whose only fight is the fight to survive. As heartbreaking as it was, the film was beautiful to experience. Not your typical war film. This film focuses on a side not usually told. Another classic from master Christopher Nolan.	4
Probably one of the best war movies since Saving Private Ryan	4
Likely my film of the year. Ours impossible to make this type of film any better. The converging storylines are constructed perfectly and I believed every major performance. Top notch.	5
Fantastically directed, shot, acted, and paced, this film cannot be missed. In an age where good war movies are of the minority, this film blasts all others since "Saving Private Ryan" out of the water. Truly explosive, and Christopher Nolan at his best.	4
Absolutely tremendous film. One of the best of the year.	5
A Fantastic movie. But I don't really think that this is nolan's best. I'm still staying with memento and interstellar. The acting, cinematography, writing, direction, music.... Everything is great in this one. It's gonna win hell of a lot of oscars (if BR2049 didn't)	4
Throwing away characterization for pure spectacle, Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk is a beautiful site to behold up on the big screen. Nolan shows the horror of war perfectly without using blood or violence, which is mightily impressive.	4
indirectly experience the terrifying feeling in the war through Dunkirk IMAX	5
Amazing visuals and audio	4
Can?t put my finger on what was off but I feel the storyline could of been better.	3
Amazing film. 2hrs of the most tense and intriguing cinema in years. I've never been part of war, but I fully believe this is one of the closest things to it. Giving the opening scene of Saving Private Ryan a run for its money, this film will leave you on the edge of your seat looking overhead in the theater when the bombers are heard.An amazing journey for anyone who enjoys war filme.One of the top.	5
As much as this is a good film I did find it disappointing. The effects are amazing but expected more from a Nolan film	3
A genuine experience. Those looking for characters to attach to or those hoping for a more straightforward narrative might be disappointed. However, the sheer craft of this film is truly incredible offering non stop suspense and beautifully shot IMAX sequences that sacrifices its character development to give you a better feel for what these soldiers actually are experiencing.	5
Throwing away characterization for pure spectacle, Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk is a beautiful site to behold up on the big screen. Nolan shows the horror of war perfectly without using blood or violence, which is mightily impressive.	4
Less is more, and Dunkirk proved that with flying colours.	5
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the first Best Picture nominee of 2017! Yes, this is a film that is worthy of all the accolades it is getting, and the type of film that Oscar LOVES to recognize. This is not only a fantastic war movie, but a fantastic movie, period. The film details the evacuation of British troops from the beaches of Dunkirk early in WWII, which can be described as a 'shitshow' at best. It's an incredible story that I cannot believe has never been brought to the big screen before. The film does an outstanding job of depicting what a calamity this was - these guys were fish in a barrel... then they got on boats and became more condensed fish in even smaller barrels. The horror and hopelessness of the situation is perfectly captured, as seen through the eyes of ordinary people living out (or not) an extraordinary situation. As war movies go, it's pretty unconventional: there is no main character, no consistent timeline, and very little dialogue. There is hardly any character development to speak of, something I normally heavily criticize film for, but it works in this movie - the main character is the event itself, and the movie only bothers itself with showing how it all went down. It's a simple narrative, told in a complex way. The film depicts the entire debacle primarily via the perspectives of three different people: a boots-on-the-ground soldier trying to avoid German bombs and get back home; an airman tasked with shooting down the planes dropping said bombs; and a civilian boatman determined to rescue as many men as possible. The three perspectives are interwoven throughout the film, using varying timelines that are not always clear and can be confusing, but all become focused into a single thread in the end. The acting is great across the board, but the standout is Mark Rylance as the boatman - he is a genius in his subtlety, I cannot even tell you how much I love this guy. And the direction is pitch perfect, featuring breathtaking visuals, innovative storytelling, and high tension that is sustained from beginning to end. This is writer/director Christopher Nolan at the top of his game. This movie is being heralded as one of the best war movies of all time, and while that's a bit of a tough sell, it's probably the best I've seen since "Saving Private Ryan".	4
not much dialog. really need to know the history to appreciate this movie, and wear ear plugs.	3
If planes could really fly so long without fuel, we could arrive on the moon with just 1/100 of what is needed now. Jokes a part, dunkirk is nothing remarkable except for the beauty of the images filmed.	2
Extremely well filmed, worth seeing on imax. Strong performances by both stars and newer faces, subtle rather than ham handed, well done.	5
For you who wondering what kind of movie is Dunkirk? Dunkirk is a story of survival from British army during the evacuation from Dunkirk, where they surrounded by German army. Yes it's a war movie, but Dunkirk are more focusing on the story of survival of the people than the story itself. It is divided into 3 parts : The Mole, The Sea, and The Air which connected to each other by the end of the movie.Honestly, not everyone will like Dunkirk. But for me, Nolan makes another masterpiece. Same case when Nolan decides to make space discovery movie in Interstellar, he also make Dunkirk in Nolan way.The cast itself having some big names such as Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh, Mark Rylance, and Cillian Murphy to accompanying fresh faces such as Fionn Whitehead and even Harry Stiles from 1D.I'm eyeing at least 6 Oscar nominations for Dunkirk, including Best Picture, Best Director, Sound Category, with the outstanding Cinematography and Score that will blown your away.	4
If you were expecting a proper Christopher Nolan film, this would not be the place you would find it, however, if you were expecting a well made war film akin to the war films of Oliver Stone, then you've come to the right place.	3
Somber telling of the evacuation of British & French troops allowing them to live to fight another day. No comic relief; no night before battle liaisons. Just war!!! Added bonus of somewhat "cloaked" superstar in the cast.	4
The topic of war brings a general complicated relationship for anyone due to its costly nature of semi-involuntary sacrifices in order to gain (noble) victory. For film, it's the filmmaker being challenged to authenticate the war-driven atmosphere onto the screen without glamourizing it, and the relationship gets based off on whether to see it on the big screen for scale or on the small screen due to the downsized interest. No matter the story with worthwhile value on a soldier or emotionally-imprinted areas, to garner mainstream audience to attend the big screen showing would probably depend on expected style in direction and level of performances, rather than indirect additions that comes from unrelated genres (ex: superhero).After "The Dark Knight" to "Inception" to "Interstellar", writer-director Christopher Nolan continues his well-known cinematic mastery in the fact-based territory for World War II in "Dunkirk". Like most or some war films, this one's unique in its own standing when not on the battlegrounds but away from it en route to home, with slimmed hope. The title speaks for the evacuation that took place on the shore of the titular French town with the Allied troops waiting for, and trying to find, a way to get further away from the Nazis' grasps. The narrative structure consists three stories that later intersects along the way in a nonlinear fashion such as: two young soldiers from the Mole are trying to find a stable sail without meeting continuous circumstances in a week's time; a father and two boys going on their own into the war to help out, till they get into conflict with a shell-shocked soldier they'd rescued, in a day's time; and a pilot fighting off Nazis jets on limited fuel while getting to France in an hour's time.The nonlinear structure more or less proved effective when refreshing the immersive suspense through few different perspectives/angles that's really captivating and somewhat thrilling. It's also a narrative element that Nolan seems to go for as part of his excellent talent of turning something simple into something more complicated in a way of an equation to keep track of, which is apparently on occasions the main asset to go for. However, it also proved convoluting at the same time while trying to keep track, which is attempting to rearrange the narrative into something more linear in some parts. (Same goes to the general convolution of a war flick based on identifying characterization). That complication of the narrative quality was played around in one of Nolan's early, smaller films "Memento". So putting it simply, the simple element of the nonlinear structure that's convoluting whilst refreshing is like figuring out a complicated mathematical equation with an entertainment value.While making this film, Nolan wants to make it a different experience apart from the battleground equivalence "Saving Private Ryan". When I say that, I mean "Dunkirk" takes place away from the war mongering fields, and the cinematic techniques parallels, or replicates, to those mostly heard and seen by little almost 20 years ago from Steven Spielberg's own auteurship. Nolan's own spin from the director's chair and as a writer is typically masterful, and that adds into the war genre through his first take with the special effects, including the sound editing and steadily-rushed cinematography, being perfect from the recognized filmmaking that gets followed.Speaking of recognized filmmaking under Nolan is the music being composed by his long-time collaborator Hans Zimmer. It tunes fittingly like the previous films the two worked together on with the composed notes being a reminiscence of what was expressed in those films based on the scale. One of Zimmer's greatest hits goes to the pleasantness of working under Nolan, with the tone resonating the basis dramatic approach that one runs on, then later escalates nicely around the climax till the concluding "paragraph".The frequent word that appears as a way to describe Nolan's filmmaking is "scale" that increases in each film he makes, particularly "The Dark Knight Rises" having a mass count of extras, with the actors in front and center, in one setting. "Dunkirk" follows that in a synchronized formation within a range of frames from wide to small, and the massive human body (the acting) of the film still impresses that make it seems that Nolan can achieve without digitalizing the crowd. This brings up another elemental merit that's typical is the performances and stamina from the cast - half being well-known while the other half are fresh showcases. It's a usual vision in his films whereas the aura of the energy from the performances goes along with the dramatic approach, and the characters expresses the script well with probably cheesy one-liners that are backed-up with further meaning and emotion at the same time. Overall, the performances were very well done as always, especially when capturing the emotions of the harsh, violent reality inside a war.Christopher Nolan's latest masterpiece "Dunkirk" is genuinely one of the best war films, including one of his best by a slight decrease, and a nice cinematic experience for the genre that fits and nicely broadens the mainstream taste. To elaborate on that, it (personally) became an experimental proof from the spectatorship that auteurism can be a selling point for a film you probably wouldn't see often on the big screen, outside the story (i.e. "Sully"). It's great in its own way with a similar substance that requires from the genre that may be a little heavy as usual, but the epic art doesn't disappoint from the expected entertainment value. (A-)	4
a nicely directed and told story of Dunkirk. I was thrown for a bit with the start and timetables going on but it all comes together well. The scenes are intense and preferable to watch in a theater due to the atmosphere and sound that goes along Ok with everything.	4
This movie proofs that Christopher Nolan is one of the best directors of our time	5
Holds you by your [imaginary] balls from the first minute till its last	4
A wonderfully shot film. A very powerful story. I felt tense in every scene and I felt actually scared during underwater scenes. My only complaints are that there is no character, and it should be rated R. None of the characters had any attachment to them and I couldn't keep track of them. I knew everyone as "that guy" "that guy" "Harry Styles" "that guy" "Tom Hardy" "that guy" "George" and it got really confusing during tension scenes. Also, there is no reason for this to be a PG-13 movie. Explosions don't just kick up dirt and sand. It tears about limbs and sends them flying. Most war movies are able to capture this horror (like saving private Ryan) but, saying that I did have a horror vibe in scenes like the oil on the surface scenes and the air fights.Overall a great movie. Probably not for some (like people looking for a horrifying war movie or a movie with characters to care about)	4
Say what you want about Nolan, anyone who is still trying to nitpick his films apart just because they want to be contrarian for the sake of it are just missing out on the genesis of a new breed of war films.  Hans Zimmer is not exactly a small time name in the film business, especially w/ Chris Nolan's work, but my my, has he crafted at least 50% of what makes DUNKIRK so absurdly panic-inducing.  Full disclosure: I was unwilling to see the film unless I made sure I brought my prescription anti-anxiety meds w/ me. In case you may have the same dilemma, you won't need them because it's an anxiety that is oddly delightful to allow yourself to become immersed in. To rid yourself of that feeling would like wearing headphones and a blindfold during Inception & then trying say it was good etc.	5
A mix of action, and a horrendous time in history where the allies seemed to be on the losing side. It mixes a depth of the men that had to retreat from the beach and what they went through, Oscar worthy.	5
Incredible experience. Not your standard movie.	4
Powerful, grim, thoughtful.	5
Nolan with another beautiful Gem film! loved every minute of it. the movie was Nonstop Action, I had you in suspense, and left you satisfied even though with the shocking run time. Did not feel short at al,l it was perfect.	5
This is is on the list of best movies in history when it's 2050 or a little earlier this will be known as a classic It was awesome every time it did the tick sound my heart was racing cause something bad was happening and try to watch it in IMAX I had to close my ears sometimes. And I knew Christopher Nolan couldn't mess this up because... come on i mean he's Christopher Nolan he doesn't mess up any movies. He's made my dads favorite movies like the dark knight, or inception, and interstellarAnd try to see it in IMAX you'll feel like your in the movie and its really loud my dad and I had to close are ears of how loud the gunshots and planes and bombs were and the ending is heart braking I cried though I think it should be rated r because its a lot of people dying and intense war experience my dad left the theater of how tuff it was to watch so I had to leave with my brother	5
I expected a movie... with a storyline. All this movie has are events.	2
Very realistic portrayal of war and particularly of this famous event. Good acting and cinematography, especially of the air battles. The scenes were fine, but they were too many cut-aways, unnecessary splicing to chop up the film in an attempt to make it more interesting and suspenseful than it turned out to be. I think director Nolan should have reeled the editor in a little tighter and not given so much deference for the choppy feeling I was left with. A good movie nonetheless.	3
Even knowing how it will end, I felt the anticipation and suspense. I'm not a big war movie fan, but I really felt engaged, never noted watching this one.	4
Heart pounding, breathtaking, tense, amazing, awesome, impressive. Dunkirk is a must see, it throws you right into the action and doesn't treat the audience like an idiot.	5
Interesting filming. Great story finally told!	4
Awesome, simply and unequivocally awesome.	5
A fresh perspective on a recurring theme.	3
It's really good but one thing that Nolan did very well was not showing the Nazis and Hans Zimmer scored super marine	5
Nolan lo ha vuelto a hacer, Dunkirk es una película llena de situaciones y momentos llenos de alto peligro y estrés total, altamente recomendable.	5
Dunkirks greatest weakness,it's script (or lack there of), adds to the movies greatest strength.....claustrophobic heart pounding intensity. it is remarkable how a beginner like Harry stiles can do the hardest job any actor faces, to convey emotion without talking. From the scenes with drowning boats to Tom Hardy's airplane sequence this Dunkirk is more of a thriller than an action or war movie. The lack of a score also adds to the intensity of the sounds of airplanes hurling at you and of bombs exploding around. The sound department deserves the greatest of laudations and hopefully they will get the recognition come Oscar season. All of these aspects make Dunkirk feel less like an epic war movie and more like a situational survivalist movie. This makes it an antiwar war movie	5
Boring with little or no context. I wanted so much more from this movie as I am a big reader on all things WW2 but It left me feeling uninterested.	1
Great movie showing event from multiple characters and view points	4
I am a war film fan but was disappointed with Dunkirk. the scenes are repetitive and many are very similar without any storyline to break them up. It is almost as if somebody wandered around the actual live war with a camera to make a documentary and then forgot the commentary ! Comparing it to Saving Private Ryan the film lacks drive, and animation of dialogue is missing. My advice would be wait for the video and rent it, you don't need a wide screen for this "epic" ! Over a depressing film but glad I went to the cinema though as there were some good trailers for films that I might have missed !	1
Very good movie. In fact, it was exceptional.	4
Fantastic cinematography, amazing visuals, incredible emotion. I normally do not enjoy historical movies, but Dunkirk was suspenseful and exiting to the very last second.	4
If you want a good history lesson, this is the film for you. This movie was done well, but my god I found it so boring.	3
too many kirks i'm dun	2
Atmospherically amazing: beautifully shot, threatening but fantastic score and some brilliant performances from what feels like a very ensemble cast. I found the pacing very intense in that I didn't let up: the style made you feel incredibly in the action which was certainly an experience! It didn't feel as though there was a moment to breathe but it was also hard to tell when you had reached the climax of the film. It was certainly unique but completely brilliant.	4
I'm a huge Nolan fan so I'm also highly critical of his work due to my lofty expectations. Dunkirk is a good, but underwhelming war movie. The action sequences and visuals are excellent, however, it made me realize that I much prefer stories about ground troops in war movies. It was much harder to get into Hardy's character's storyline as a pilot. Also, the randomly non-linear storyline is unnecessary and quite annoying in this type of film.	3
A spectacular film about the evacuation of Dunkirk, technically impressive but lacking characterisation	4
A beautifully shot epic film. See it in theaters, the small screen will not do it justice.	3
Nolan's creativity shown at a massive scale. If you like the technical aspect of screenplay you will love this one.	5
great Cinematography, but there was no plot.	2
Somehow it is more British than GBBO. It's also a terrific excuse for buying a yacht, "what if I need to save my countrymen from nazis?"	4
A masterpiece in blue and pink.	4
Very boring and to slow. Its really overrated	1
This movie was beautiful and full of human frailty, tragedy and triumph. There is very little dialog so, having facial blindness, I probably experienced it differently than the average watcher as the older man, his son, and George were the only characters I could consistently recognize. But I think perhaps that gave it some very in the moment chaotic reality for me. It was a little terrifying simply because we seem destined to repeat these wars. But the moment of all those civilian boats arriving to the rescue was heart soaring. People can be truly amazing when there's a need for it.	5
Just fought in WWII for 2 hours. Would recommend as top 3 war movie all time.	5
Was no Fury , Saving Private Ryan, or Battle of the Bulge, really only was a few hours of war in Dunkirk that tied three stories together into one so not really explaining the war debacle of Dunkirk.	3
Only Nolan could pull off a film with such stunning visuals, action and storytelling, spliced together, with tension and suspense built throughout. The music and sound effects are brilliant, with the performances really selling the situation Nolan takes us to of feeling the reality of this piece of history.	5
An absolute experience! It was surprising to see how Nolan built the whole film perfectly both visually and in terms of plot.Definitely a must.	4
great cinematography. it was okay	3
Somewhat of an art film for Nolan. There is no defined protagonist or antagonist. There's barely any dialogue. No real beginning or climbing action; the viewer is just kind of dropped into the thick of it, and the film goes from there. This movie is less of a story, and more of just a portrait of this particular event in WWII. It's intense as hell, and really captures the effect of war on soldiers, and what lengths they'd go to just to get home and survive.	4
I didn't like this movie. Sure, the cinematography looked beautiful. There were also several nice visual set pieces. Finally, I suppose the acting was decent enough. However, the movie provided so little in terms of character development that I didn't care about any of the character's fates. A criticism I had with Inception and Interstellar was that while Nolan provided some compelling depth to a couple characters, the rest of the main characters felt like empty shells. This is probably the worst Nolan film in terms of character development to date as I didn't feel attached to anyone. Also, the battle scenes were unimpressive. The PG-13 rating hindered this movie quite a bit, because the environment the film took place in didn't feel realistic. I said this before, but I'll say it again: If you're going to make a movie set in a violent environment (war, slavery, drug use, etc.), you need to make that film violent so you can paint an accurate depiction of the setting your film takes place in. After researching the events of the Dunkirk evacuation, I was concerned that the movie would feel like a deus ex-machina. In all fairness to Nolan, however, this movie didn't feel that way, so kudos to him. However, this doesn't mean that the aspect I was worried about wasn't flawed in any way. The movie didn't explain at all about how Hitler allowed the troops to leave. It was almost like Nolan assumed the audience knew the history behind the Dunkirk evacuation. Therefore, I still can't think of a way how a director can make a compelling film about the Dunkirk evacuation. I was also really pissed off by Nolan's marketing scheme lie that he was going to put as little dialogue into this film as possible. I felt like a lack of dialogue would make this film feel poetic. Honestly, however, I wouldn't say that this film had any less dialogue than any other typical film. It seemed to have a normal amount of dialogue to me. This disappointed me quite a bit as I was really looking forward to that aspect. Finally, the occasional overly-loud bits of sound were annoying as they legit hurt my ears and brought me out of the experience. Anyways, I haven't had a strong opinion on a Nolan film since Memento. I was hoping that this film would blow me away, but that didn't work out that well.	1
A well done war film that immerses the viewer into every scene.	4
It was good and lots of action!	5
This movie defies common sense in that the British soldiers all lined up on the beach waiting to be rescued or picked up. Again and again they were bombed. They stood back up in the same area like sitting ducks waiting to be bombed again...not taking cover...no camouflage. I am glad I weren't in the war with them!	1
Very refreshing to see a new take on war movies. I enjoyed the film thoroughly in the theater. Like all Nolan movies, the sound and visual effects and cinematography were spot-on. I was expecting more dialogue, this is a movie afterall but I was fine with the true-to-life behavior of all the characters as the movie jumped around a lot.	4
absolutely great and historicaly accurate.	4
Very confusing plot. The heroes of Dunkirk were done a disservice.	2
Christopher Nolan has done a remarkable job in making Dunkirk standout amongst the other war movies. The main character's fight for survival was heart-pounding and stressful which makes up for the lack of backstory. Dunkirk offers a cinematic experience like no other.	4
I am a big fan of Christopher Nolan and this movie did not disappoint me one bit. I watched it 8 times in IMAX 70mm because I couldnt get enough, I watched it once in 70mm and a few others in regular digital format. Now IMAX 70 was the way to go for this film. I fortunately enough live minutes away from an IMAX theatre which also happens to be the largest screen in our state. It was really cool! Now in the regular digital versions I watched of this film the the theaters were projecting it as a FLAT movie which caused the screen to leave a rectangle of dead space around what was being projected and it was very difficult not to notice that. I was expecting the digital versions of the film were going to be like the standard 70mm but I was wrong. However, this movie was fantastic the Blu ray will like all of Nolans previous works play as it was on the imax switching back and forth with the aspect ratios drawing audience members in closer to the film.	4
Boring & dull as crap!	1
This movie was horrible to tell a very exciting story about the dunkirk operation ,,,the scenes did not connect to each other and drowning one ship or two, with those boring dialogs between the generals and just make some soldier characters big and then going to another part of the surviving mode ,,,everything in this movie was so horribly wrong and bad screened and TBH I don't really know how the Fans liked this movie so much !!!!not comparable with any war movies since 1908 !!!!!	1
The opening scene shows soldiers running out in the open away from gunfire as the bullets pick off one after another soldier. I loved this scene because I really felt how vulnerable the soldiers are. The sound for the bullets was just jaw dropping, I was actually scared of the sound. Dunkirk has the best sound design I have ever heard in a movie period. A scene in a leaking boat is also one of my favorites. The gun fire again is so menacing and real, and the scene is full of suspense. I also appreciated how Nolan showed the same scene but from the perspective of different characters. However, this movie is confusing at times and due to a lack of dialogue it occasionally gets boring.	4
Unusual story-telling, which is interesting and refreshing in today's cinema landscape.	4
This is a movie I want to buy as a DVD and keep so that my kids and grandkids can see and when Wwiii inevitably breaks one day, then can use the moral of this movie to do good.	5
I think it was ok? I'm kind of still confused how the movie really was. At some point it was very boring.	2
Loved it, a must see!	5
An engrossing war film about the on-the-ground experience of the desperate escape from Dunkirk.	4
LOVE. So realistic, adults will enjoy this movie and learn to appreciate what our elders did to keep America a free world. What a great director and actors! Not much dialogue but that's what makes this movie of the war SO REALISTIC.	5
Invigorated by Nolan's hand, Dunkirk is a tense, visceral, and moving film that serves as an essential tribute to many involved in the event.	4
This film is not worth the time. There is almost not dialogue and no characters to have dialog. You better know the importance of Dunkirk before you go, as they do even attempt to explain what is happing. It starts with British soldiers on the beach being bombed and it ends 2 hours later still on the beach being bombed. No mention of the importance or how and why they got there. The only short interesting part is they do show a private boat owner going to help pick up the soldiers. Great Story - Bad Movie. Very Disappointing.	1
Film about war in anti-war climate. Showing the tragedy of the war and all of this conflict of turmoil went out to Nolan excellently only in my case I did not buy it. Practically no soundtrack and tiring, long scenes with panoramas or sequences of military conflict just bore me. The film is worth attention but unfortunately it is not my climate.	4
A cinematic masterpiece, through and through.	5
Loved this movie! But then again, I am a sucker for a good war movie! Especially, when it is a true one. You have to see it.	5
beautifully created with an immense sense of realism and immersion. I will, without a doubt, be watching this again. I must admit, as well as several others who've watched this movie, you will walk out with a form of PTSD... you feel like these lads walked straight into their deaths, yet we still go to war, do we not learn anything from our histories? 5stars.	5
I hesitate to call this a film. It is unconventional from a story perspective. Focusing in on the Battle of Dunkirk and less on the characters. This makes this film thrilling, albeit with less personal connections for the average viewer. It was extremely visceral and a technical marvel. See it in theatres and I-Max if you can!	4
Be prepared for an intense ride with no breaks.	5
This is a story that not enough people are familiar with and needed to be told. I would have given it another star, but the choppiness of it (that is the way the story jumps around from one time to another) is irritating at times. But visually, it was everything I wanted it to be. This is really what I was taught it was like at Dunkirk.. A lot of the things that were incorrect for the time period, I must concede really stand out, but not everyone would notice that. Only a true WWII buff.	4
One of the worst movies I have ever seen and saying this isn't even that much of an exaggeration. Honestly, what was Nolan thinking when he wrote up this script? I mean artistically I understand the idea of wanting to show the visceral nature of war, however, without a notable plot or intriguing characters this idea totally falls flat on its face. As it did in this movie. Historically, the movie also suffers extremely; I nearly laughed out loud when I saw the movie referring to German/Nazi soldiers as "The Enemy" in the introductory sequence in the film. I'm genuinely surprised at how so many people could give this movie 4 or 5 stars when it clearly only deserves 1 or 2, at most. I expected a lot more out of this movie.	1
Such a stupid movie. Suspense builds up and up and up and then nothing happens. Repetitive scenes.	1
War movies, more specifically WWII movies, are by far my favorite genre. I had heard somewhere that this movie was going to be the "Saving Private Ryan" of my generation, which most likely gave me too high of expectations going into film.The action scenes all looked great - whether it was the beach getting strafed by an airplane, boats getting torpedoed, or airplane v airplane dogfights. However, as the action scenes were cool, there was just as much film where everyone was just sitting around waiting. I understand that is what happened at the actual city of Dunkirk during the war and that the director wanted to accurately portray that. But as a consumer there's only so many minutes of men standing around that I can tolerate. My least favorite part of the movie was how Christopher Nolan decided to have the "time jumping" around between the three, concurrent plot lines (classic Nolan, am I right?) Luckily my friends dad has scene the movie before me and gave us a heads up to how it was organized, which allowed me to be prepared for this style of presentation. The use of this style of film making always keeps you asking questions during the film ("Didn't this happen already?" "Is that the same boat the other guys were on earlier?"), and by the end of the film it all makes sense. However I think that this aproach took a little something away from the movie that was otherwise good - and for me that was the difference between 3 and 4 stars.	3
Good film, but not even near to be the masterpiece everybody is claiming this to be. It probably took 1 hour sitting on the toilet to write the entire screenplay. I was honestly expecting more, but only because of the critiques I had read. Not telling it is a bad film anyway, but for sure not the film of the decade nor even of the year.	3
I saw Christopher Nolan's latest Dunkirk on the first day of my holidays. Wasn't too sure whether it would be a bit grim and was pretty disappointed with Nolan after Interstellar. However, it was a brilliant film experience. One of the LOUDEST films with an insistent music score that ramped up the tension throughout. Visceral and visually and emotionally involving. Not one I'd rush to see again as it was full on and tense experience but one of Nolan's best films. It tells the story of the rescue of thousands of British troops trapped on the beach at Dunkirk. We follow the story in the air with Tom Hardy in his Spitfire, on the sea with Mark Rylance and on the beaches with a bunch of young desperate soldiers. There is lots of relentless drama and melodrama and it is quite exhausting!	4
Superb in every way.	5
Solid effort, nothing special though.	3
very good movie the perfect reenactment for the war	3
Visually stunning. Great music. Mixed timeline intriguing. A war film that's an art film. Rare.	4
Not a action movie but certainly a inspirational war movie and very emotionally moving	3
This movie is getting more credit then it deserves!Sure it was a very nice looking movie, directing was good, but the story was all over the place and for me was lacking immersion and interest. Every moment was predictable. It was more of a visual representation of events rather then a movie/film of its own right. PS. Harry Style cameo was not needed and should not even been considered as a role, his performance was unbelievable (literal term).	3
This movie is outstanding. It's not a typical war movie and I loved how the three storylines were connected and happened parallel to each other. The acting was impeccable and it was shot amazingly well. I also loved that the bombs were way louder than the talking because that's how it actually was. All in all the movie is marvelous and it doesn't miss a chance to shock and show how awful war is.	4
Terrific production and truly work of cinematic art	5
This is by far an epic masterpiece on warfare movies Adding more flavor as always was zimmer. The visuals were so stunning and satisfying audience and an achievement only Nolan in the current day cinema would achieve.	4
The limited narrative and non-linear scenes adds to the confusion of the battle and greatly assists the story telling. The total lack of a "main-character" and desperate ruthlessness of the combatants, is a tribute to the skill of Nolan in providing a glimpse at the magnitude of the whole event and the combined tragedy visited upon a host of individuals.	4
There isn't anything that I can say that hasn't already been said about Dunkrik by much better writers then myself. The feeling of desperation, fear, and panic is emphasized by the eerie sound track that seems to tick like a clock. You are constantly on the end of your seat hoping for these characters to make it out alive. The story fallows the real life events of the evacuation at Dunkirk where the Allied forces had to escape by sea out of France to England after the Battle of France. in While being the best movie I've see in a long time there are still a few flaws like how way the movie is structured. We fallow the perspective of three different groups, a soldier escaping France, a squad of English fighter planes, and a civilian fishing boat. Each story is told at the same time cutting between one another with all three connecting in the climax. While this doesn't would like a problem it can get confusing seeing this for the first time as not all the stories take place in the same time span. For example the story fallowing the soldier on the ground escaping Dunkirk takes place over the span of a few days while the group in the planes takes place in just one hour. While helpful title cards help explain that in the beginning it was still hard to get used to it. The best part about this movie was how you never say the Germans at all throughout this film. You see a plane and a not very clear soldier who is out of focus. Making this choice really adds to the story. We don't need to see the face of the enemy to know whats going on. The characters are running away so stopping to show us what they are running away from takes us out of the emotions. If we say them we might have the feeling we could turn to fight them, or even render them into cartoonish villains like in Wonder Woman. We don't need to see the nazis to know they are bad, we don't even need to know they are nazis. I would really recommend this movie and you should defensively watch this on a nice sound system. You would be hurting the movie as a whole by watching this on you IPad speakers. SPOILERS: my only other flaw was with the ending. When they get home they feel disappointed in themselves. They ran away, they are cowards. But we quickly see that they are not seen as that at all back home. This seems cheep in a way. The whole movie is about emotion and how everyone deals with a stressful situation. At they very end they feel bad for losing but then its all okay because we get beer on a train with people cheering our names. No one contemplates their loses. The people they knew and didn't know who died yet the people back home don't fully understand that. We don't get a self reflection but a party. While there was some self reflection at the end with the blind man and the one soldier who learns about the kid there still could have been a stronger one after the train.	4
Dunkirk is one of those rare movies that you have GOT to watch it on the cinema. It is gripping from the very start, the soundtrack is tense and poignant, the focus is spread in many smaller stories as real life actually is and, if this will help anyone make a decision on wether they should or shouldn't pick this as THE moie to watch... Dunkirk is the best cinema experience since Avatar! You MUST watch it.	5
Pulse-pounding from start to finish.	4
Uskoni Nolaniin on palannut! Dunkirk on Nolanin ylivoimaisesti paras elokuva sitten Dark Knightin. Elokuva ei ole samalla tavalla pöhöttynyttä höpöhöpöä mitä esim. Interstellar. Teknisellä tasolla mittakaava on yhä suuri mutta henkiltöasolla yksinkertainen tarina seviytymisestä ja epätoivosta. Muiden viime vuosien sotaelokuvien tapaisia raakuuksia ei olekuvassa ole mutta tilanteen epätoivoisuus tulee kyllä selväksi hahmojen kautta kun selviytymivietti saa heidät tekemään mitä vain päästäkseen kotiin. Pitkästä aikaa Nolan myös kertoo elokuvansa tarinan kuvien kautta eikä selittävän dialogin. Nolanen oma käsikirjoitus onkin tässä suhteessa reippaasti parempi mitä viime aikaiset lähinnä hänen veljensä kirjoittamat. Tarinassa ei ole kuin yksi juttu minkä muutaisin muta ei sen sentimentaalisuus yllä onneksi ihan Spielbergin leveleille. Näyttelijät hoitavat kukin ruutunsa mainiosti (jopa se One Directionin jannu). Hans Zimmerkin tekee varmaan parhaan musiikin vuosikausiin. Ainakin vähiten mahtipontinen! ***** /5	5
DUNKIRK: A CONTROLLED CHAOSAround a minute and a half into the movie, the first rifle shot reverberates in the French town of Dunkirk and makes its way all the way up to your spine. The sound design feels painfully accurate and you then realise frame by frame, that Nolan has upped his ante in every area of his and his brilliant team's film-making skills, which has led to this movie which is more of a full-body sensory experience. Every scene from the first to the last oozes with the metronomical precision possessed by Nolan. At a runtime of just 107 minutes it is almost comically short for a world war movie as per the traditional stereotypes. But trust Nolan to break new grounds in story-telling. A traditional war film follows this template or a mix of it in some way: background story of few soldiers, old and ragged men recounting their good days over a campfire, blood gore and broken bones, abusive vocabulary to make it sound authentic, a brotherhood among them all which ebbs and flows with the script. All of this interwoven with a few blockbuster action set pieces. Now "Dunkirk" dispossesses off with almost everything in that template, there are no flashbacks, no warm home stories, no history of camaraderie among the soldiers. It is just a 107-minute long action set piece laced with terse dialogues.To tell the story of "Dunkirk" Nolan resorts to dividing the screentime among the three elements the soldiers are facing on the beach i.e. land, sea and air. Each story informs and plays off the others. (It's classic Nolan, as he's always had a propensity for layering stories). The land (the mole) story is told over a week, the sea (moonstone) story is told over a day and the air (spitfires) story is told over an hour. Nolan likes to play around with time in each of his movies, and however improbable it may sound on the outside, it is this exact way of his to tell the story that envelopes all the elements slowly onto the stranded soldiers. And it ends up with a vice like grip over the audience over all three elements towards the end where the move is reaching its crescendo. The storyline is relentless just like the enemies. Speaking of which, not even a single shot of the "enemies" is shown on screen. They are not even termed by nationality but only as "enemy" throughout the movie. This was to portray that the enemy doesn't have a face and its danger is omnipresent. Also this movie has a PG-13 rating which means it has minimal blood being shown on screen. For a war movie that is unheard of, but it works for a movie that has done away with so many stereotypes.The cast for "Dunkirk" is absolutely spot on. Unlike other war movies which used older actors for the role of the soldiers, Nolan has went ahead and cast brilliant actors like Fionn Whitehead, Harry Styles, Aneurin Barnard who very much resemble the fresh and baby faced soldiers that actually were present during the world wars. Tom Hardy plays the role of an RAF pilot but his face is covered whole time by his mask in the jet but still grabs attention via his expressive eyes. The star of the movie is Mark Rylance who plays a pivotal role with such finesse. It is his innate calmness that personifies the success that it was at Dunkirk. The dialogues are few and far between, but with a couple or so lines Rylance marks his territory in this very visual movie, which is extremely commendable."Dunkirk" looks like a million bucks during each frame. Credit goes to Nolan's cinematographer Hote van Hoytema of Interstellar fame. If you thought Interstellar was visually stunning, then boy! Hasn't he got a treat for you. Installing IMAX cameras wherever he found it possible to cram into a fighter jet cockpit, wing, fuselage and alongside stretcher on the beach, long undisturbed shots of the beach, within cabins of sinking ships, underwater while the water above is on fire, every shot makes u feel right there in the moment. His long time production designer Nathan Crowley deserves a mention as well because I honestly cant my finger upon any scene which wasn't VFX. The ships and spitfires sinking couldn't be more realistically depicted. The sound design is by far the best I have ever experienced. Every crack of that Spitfire's Rolls Royce Merlin engine beats your heartbeat into submission, the firing exchanges, the explosions, the water wooshing, it was all just surreal. And Hans Zimmer always plays a perfect foil for Nolan to develop his film's intensity around. From the ticking of the clock to the pure heart-throbbing numbers, Zimmer never allows you to rest. His maniacal depiction of the battle via sounds is all the incentive we need to hold on to the edge of our seats.Honestly, this movie is a smorgasbord of talents and every frame of it has been painstakingly developed from a mental image into a reality. Among the three threads of storytelling, my favourite was the Spitfire one. It is a visual treat like no other. A titanic duel told by strapping the audience onto its wings and asking them to try to hold on! Christopher Nolan has transformed the world of action film storytelling completely. "Dunkirk" looks like a painting in every scene, which is a result of a director at his absolute best. Previous naysayers about his story telling abilities would get ample reasons to reconsider their positions. Whereas for myself, I am thrilled to put this movie at par with the greats like Saving Private Ryan, Apocalypse Now, and Letters from Iwo Jima. Only time will tell if this ranks as his best work ever, but technically it absolutely is. "Dunkirk" is a truly visceral experience which needs to be seen big (IMAX) and then to be seen once again.My Rating: 5/5	5
Kept getting lost in the timeline.	2
hated this donkey crap.	1
Tonally monotonous, but the tone is riveting.	4
Ottima regiama tra inesistente. Si sente la bravura di Nolan meno degli sceneggiatori	2
A very tough movie to watch but it's a movie with seeing.	5
I always turn to RT to decide whether I see a film or not, an normally I am in agreement with the ratings... not on this occasional. I was expecting entertainment with some history thrown in like Pearl Harbour, OH NO, far too 'arty' for me, totally boring and both my wife and I gave up after 30 minutes of boredom. I can only think the high regard the reviewers have at the date of writing this opinion like a slow, boring movie where you have to work to know what the hell is going on. Madness.	1
Didn't measure up to other WW2 movies	2
Very boring for a war movie. There was no real plot to the story. Also the time and characters shifted so much without notice that it was impossible to follow.	1
BEST MOVIE OF THE YEAR	5
Not sure if I would rewatch, like Logan. Overall fantastic movie	5
It's 1940 and WWII is raging. The Germans have forced thousands of French and British troops into the port city of Dunkirk, France, with nowhere left to run but the sea. The white cliffs of Dover are right across the Channel, so close and yet so far. The men queue up on the beaches hoping to be rescued, all the while being strafed by German warplanes. "Dunkirk" is told from three different vantage points. One story focuses on a young British soldier who's the sole survivor of his platoon and is trying his darndest to go home. The second is about British fighter pilots trying to shoot down German planes while avoiding getting shot down by the German fighter pilots. The third is about an old British guy sailing his yacht to Dunkirk to help rescue people along with his son and some other kid.There's precious little dialog in this movie, especially in the fighter pilot scenes where there's little more than an occasional radio transmission asking how much fuel someone has left. Spoiler alert: not enough. I found these scenes to be really monotonous, sort of a cross between Snoopy pretending his doghouse is the Sopwith Camel and the Chicago Air Show. The yacht story isn't all that interesting either, but at least there's a little more talking. Unfortunately, it's mostly along the lines of "Look, Dad! Planes!" The story about the young soldier at least gives us someone to root for. The soldier (if he had a name, I never caught it) and the rest of his young cohorts spend most of the movie actively trying not to die as they frantically swim hither and yon trying to escape vessels that have been or are in the process of being bombed, torpedoed, or shot at.The most popular way to almost die in Dunkirk is by almost drowning. There are at least three different scenes with men trapped under water trying desperately to escape. I am probably not alone here, but my fear of being trapped in a water-filled car is so strong that for years I carried a box-cutter in the glove compartment, lest I drive off a bridge and the car sinks before I can manage to push open the ragtop. Which is to say, my feelings about scenes of men trapped under water trying desperately to escape are definitely NOT the more the merrier.When not almost drowning, the most popular leisure-time activity is drinking cups of tea, which is often accompanied by open-faced jelly sandwiches served by smiling women. Tea and jelly sandwiches apparently help the men keep up their strength for their next near-death experience, which is always right around the corner.I'll admit that I'm not a huge fan of war movies to begin with, but some of them at least manage to tell a compelling story, rather than just blasting you with explosions and plane crashes and men leaping off sinking ships and thrashing thru flaming waters in search of a nice soothing cup of tea. I get that war is hell and the evacuation of Dunkirk was a real event, but that unnamed solder had to have been either the luckiest guy or the unluckiest guy alive for all of his narrow escapes.If you're a fan of insistent soundtracks, special effects, and watching people hold their breath for a really long time, you'll probably enjoy this movie. As you might have guessed, it was not my cup of tea.	3
Kinda like homeward bound, but with British soldiers instead of Labrador retriever. Oh, and I guess the french guy was the cat.	3
Very visually pleasing. A little confusing seeing it the first time. A movie you definitely need to pay attention to and fully focus on to completely understand and appreciate it. Once you can understand how everything pieces together and the plots and timelines, it's really just an amazing movie. Very glad I got to watch.	5
One of the best war movies of all time.PROS:-Immersive, intense, and heart pounding.-Cast was amazing (wow Harry Styles can act?!!)-Did not need a lot of violence to portray the event.Cons-Storylines can get complex and scrambled.-Got a feeling that it was made more of a big and loud summer film than a war film about an actual event.Overall, this movie is great and it's definitely one of Nolan's best.	4
a technical masterpiece that proves Nolan isn't slowing down anytime soon.	4
suspenseful 10/10characters 8/10story telling 8/10visually 8/10	5
Frankly and unfortunately a rather long, plodding and flat storytelling.	1
underwelming, and boring more often then not.I was expection alot more action."C". 70%.	2
Excellent!The plot is good, the plot is divided in tree strands, that are: Tommy trying to escape from the beach, the second one is a civilian boat going to Dunkirk to rescue the men that are trapped there; the third it's the Farrier, played by Tom Hardy, trying to take down the enemies planes. It takes time to this strands conect with other making Only one focus.One interesting aspect is that this movie doesn't have a main character. Nolan stile works very well, not disappointing. Nolan shows again your talent at the cinema once more, but it doesn't overcome a few of his great works like the dark knight- your greatest work.The sound effects are one of the high points being well made, making the viewer fell the pressure of the war. This movie is very agitated with a few moments of silence. The actors work very well, highlighting the actuation of Harry Styles that suprises, mainly because he hadn't any cinematography experience.This movie is one of the best of the year I loved this movie. I recommend	5
Honestly this movie was super boring about two cowards trying to get away from fighting the war I'm really shocked that it has 92 percent rating ????	1
Different kind of work from Nolan. Minimal dialogue and great visual spectacle.	4
Not well thought out by directors and the producers. Unless they have a serious case of A.D.D.; reason being this movie is all over the place and rarely keeps its viewers attention. Very Confusing and the characters sucked. Don't waste your time watching this film.	1
Well crafted, with a real sense of authenticity, and nicely paced. Solid.	4
Dunkirk was not your typical movie about war. I need to start off by saying that because the first half hour of the movie I was beginning to wonder what this movie was about and then I realized Christopher Nolan (who is a master filmmaker) has put you in the middle of the war that is going on and the only thing you're watching is people surviving. there are three stories going on in Dunkirk all at the same time. The first story is about the 400,000 people on the beach of Dunkirk waiting to be picked up while the Germans are bombing the beach. Need I say anything more. The second story that we find out about involves Mark Rylance ( who really is becoming one of my favorite actors to see in cinema) taking his two sons and a small boat to the beaches of Dunkirk to pick up people. Let me just say that towards the end of this movie you see a moment of pure joy involving several other boats coming to rescue people. The third story has Tom Hardy in a fighter jet shooting down German planes. One thing that I really enjoyed about the story is the fact that I did not know about it. Every movie about war that I had seen prior to this I knew some what about. The reason I am blown away by this movie is because there is so little dialogue. The story is told by human reaction, you can see the fear in everybody's eyes story is told by human reaction, you can see the fair in everybody's eyes as the bombs are dropping and the way the film is shot the audience is right in the middle of this war and it is terrifying. I'm sure some people will complain because it is about the Germans attacking the French and the British and Americans are not in this movie but I hope people realize that this movie is about the human spirit.	4
What an incredible waste of extras! How can one fill the screen with so many people (extras) and still produce an empty movie like this. There is hardly ever any tension and when there is some, the background music is, the "Jaws" style beating kind, so horribly and unbearably loud in comparison to the rest of the movie, that it actual becomes a painful ordeal for your ears. If you are a freak for war movies wait for the release to watch it at home where one can regulate the volume. But altogether it's not really worth it, neither the money, nor the time. Even Tom Hardy can't rescue this flick which also has quite a few logical flaws!	1
La historia dirá cómo los británicos transformaron una aplastante derrota en una victoria, a través de la evacuación de Dunkirk. Christopher Nolan trata de mostrarlo, con estas 3 historias paralelas con las cuales construye una película que desde el primer segundo hasta el último es pura tensión. Los detalles (como la absurda historia de George) no quitan que sea uno de los estrenos del año.	4
Dunkirk is one of those movies where it was such a great cinematic experience, but it would also be a struggle to watch at home. Only Christopher Nolan would have had the guts to make Dunkirk the way he did, and I would say he succeeded. It's an entirely different breed of war epics than what audience has grown used to in the past years. Nolan really slowed things down and let the audience to fully engage with their emotions. It was intense, emotional, and suspenseful. The music was fantastic. But for the very same reason, what made this movie such a cinematic experience might make it seem slow and hard to watch at home.	3
It felt like I was watching a foreign film, just needed a few more sub-titles placed throughout the movie. Confusing to follow, even when you know the history behind the event. And, where were the French and German troops throughout the movie?? Wouldn't waste the time or money if I knew it was that poorly done.	1
Wonderfully made, by a wonderful director	4
With size, spectacle, tension and triumph, Dunkirk loudly proclaims that Christopher Nolan will be remembered as one of the great filmmakers of the 21st century	5
Possibly the most realistic film to date.	3
Christopher Nolans Dunkirk, is a heart-pounding war drama that will keep you interested until the films conclusion and has excellence performances, plus a awesome soundtrack with Hans Zimmer emotional score!	4
I found it excellent, a truly gripping film about a major turning point in WW2 for the British, I agree that it didn't have a commanding lead character, it didn't need to, it told the story of the evacuation under enemy attack, the efforts of civilians, the Royal Navy and the RAF. Real events, that happened to real people.	5
Gripping and very real but so little dialog. Some people in our party loved it. Some not so much. I loved the film quality and the style.	4
Nolan's signatures are all present which is nice, what's even nicer is that he's getting back to making different movies. Although the film uses minimal dialogue to tell a fascinating story, some of the story threads are less interesting than the others.	4
i predict a 5 out of 5	4
The movie works but it is not a masterpiece. Not as good as critics say, in my view. It is a tad overrated.	3
Nolan uses the tropes of war films and adds his magic touch in an exciting and extremely well-done film that better get at least 1 oscar	5
Historically inaccurate, ridiculous and fake. Soldiers on a disaster front perfectly shaved wearing immaculate uniforms. A Woman on the run hiding in a storehouse, perfectly clean and with charming make up. Everyone, the french, the germans, speaks perfect english. Even the german scientists speaks english with a german officer, how realistic. Trained soldiers who do not apply any military tactics and behave suicidally. Music worse than a B series Netflix production. I was just expecting audience laughs like in a tv show. No plot, no depth of characters. Everything so predictable, even the atlantist propaganda. If you want experience WWII in the shape of a Star Trek movie just watch it.	1
Excellent. Makes you feel like you're there , can feel their desperation and relied upon rescue.	5
Experimental and emotional, "Dunkirk" plays with time and story structure to sweep the rug from under your feet in each scene. However, its great mood and beautiful scenery can't hold up for a second viewing, due to its repetitive nature and desire to forbid any identification to any character.	3
Unbelievable film making About as perfect as it gets from the understated script to the casting, from the cinematography to the storyline.One of the best in years .....	5
So far the best movie of the year on every level. It is an amazing experience, and it shows how powerful film can be in the right hands. A must see!!	5
Slow and realistic portrayal of war. Not much action, and when action does show it's jarring and abrupt. Even though the characters are shallow, almost no personality, it adds to the film. You can project yourself onto these people and feel more sucked in. You're not going to know very much of the people you're drafted with. Technically amazing. Soundtrack can get a It too loud at times. Editing a+. 4 1/2 stars	4
I can't really say anything other than this was an absolutely heart palpitating cinema experience - like nothing I have ever seen before. Nolan incorporates his time motif in an even more inventive way, telling the story in ways that has never been done before.	5
This movie is a complete mess, and yet again is testament to Nolan not understanding basic storytelling and his ineptitude as a director.	1
In this tenth feature-length film from director Christopher Nolan, this particular filmgoer is delivered one of the most complicated theatre-going endeavors I've had the pleasure of experiencing in recent memory. For, what I believed started out as a seemingly by-the-numbers triptych of wartime survival that any other director could have just as easily produced, quickly and mesmerizingly contorted itself into something much more unique. Much more unconventional. Much more Nolan-esque. I won't spoil what the moment/technique is, but, boy, did this element prove me wrong and completely negate all ill feelings I had towards the first half-hour or so. Indeed, once "Dunkirk" shows its truly genius hand, it really takes off. From here on in, the movie becomes infinitely more interesting, immeasurably more fun to watch, and eons more rewarding than most other films one will see in the current motion picture market. This masterstroke technique -- which, again, I can't spoil here because of how simply masterful it really is -- is a testament to how intelligent Nolan treats his audience and, in that, he once again proves himself as one of the most valuable filmmakers in the game. This technique, amongst many others, (such as the beautiful performances, images, effects, and score work from Hans Zimmer) ultimately renders "Dunkirk" into the strong rebuke that it is. A rebuke levied against the bow of the belief that war movies are simply "old hat," "tired," or "been there, done that." "Hold my Earl Grey," says Nolan. And by God did he let us have it with this gem. I laughed, I choked up, I gasped, and I smiled from ear to ear many, many times. Truly, a cinematic experience worth seeing (in any theater, but -- honestly -- see it in a big, loud, cutting edge one) and one that I simply will not forget. Ever.	5
Dunkirk è un film di guerra dal messaggio pacifista, trasmesso non dal violento realismo di pellicole come "Salvate il soldato Ryan" ma tramite la celebrazione della sopravvivenza. È soprattutto però uno spettacolare esempio di come il cinema possa raccontare solo con immagini e suoni. Regia, fotografia e musiche sono ineccepibili e sono il vero motore della narrazione. Questo perché Dunkirk è quasi un film muto. A Nolan non servono parole per raccontare l'angoscia del conflitto, la disperata lotta per la vita e sul finale la gioia della salvezza.	4
"Survival is enough."	3
Beautiful cinematography, but emotionally distant and cool. Maybe it's just me, but I felt separated from the characters, who's names we don't know or any of their backgrounds, other than they're British soldiers waiting for rides back to England. Much like Nolan's Interstellar, it's pretty but in the end very unsatisfying	3
Suspenseful, and effective Dunkrik was an engaging film that brought to life the evacuation of English soldiers at Dunkirk. The film was effective in plotline by dividing the different arenas of the battle. Strong acting brought to life to the viewer the events at Dunkirk, and made the film seem believable. By sticking to a strong story line and cast Christopher Nolan has made one of the best films of his career. Overall one of the best films of the summer.	5
Unlike other Nolan movies, Dunkirk's storyline is not complicated. But the tensing atmosphere is perfectly established by the shooting skills and sententious lines. The hue and mode of composition is among the best ones in the movie history.	4
This is Christopher Nolan's masterpiece, and the best movie of 2017 that I've seen so far. This is not your typical war movie. Typical war movies are about character growth through hardship. Dunkirk has very little dialogue and is not about character growth (in fact, I don't remember hearing some of the characters' names in the movie) because Nolan immerses the audience into the experience of the Dunkirk evacuation, which was hurried and intense and thus likely allowed very little for conversations among the soldiers. This lack of focus on character growth in the movie is what makes Dunkirk unique and it opens up avenues for other thematic explorations, such as themes surrounding national unity. Like any Christopher Nolan film, the cast and the score by Hans Zimmer are spectacular. I'm not sure Dunkirk is the best war film ever made, but it's sure damn great and unique. I hope to see Dunkirk join the likes of other war movies such as The Deer Hunter, Patton, and Platoon at the Academy Awards! If not, it'll definitely be in the class of Doctor Zhivago, Apocalypse Now, and Saving Private Ryan. I'll be buying the DVD as well as the soundtrack-take all my money (okay, maybe not all of it)!	5
A ggod movie but not great. A little too much inertia in the Screenplay	3
Love Hnas Zimmer's musicï¼?	4
Outstanding. Christopher Nolan at his best. In IMAX it's even better, thunderous sound to match the images.	5
Breathtaking! Riveting! Uplifting! A grand spectacle! A monumental achievement! A thrilling masterpiece! A historically epic screen classic!	5
A disappointing outing. Not focused, they somehow transformed one of the great stands in human history into a plodding narrative.	3
Its allright. Just a bit baffled why everyone else thinks it is great. Bit humdrum, though nicely filmed etc	3
An epic tale of one of the most frightening times of the 20th century.	5
It was clearly well done, but it was hard to follow the character switches, and I never attached to characters enough to fully set in the terror of war.	3
Every fan of WWII war movies should see this film. It is exhilarating. Think of it as a WWII version of Black Hawk Down.	4
Beautifully shot, with some of the best Spitfire footage you'll ever see. However, it's missing a sense of scale - the movie never manages to capture the enormity of 300,000 troops being evacuated, looking more like a few hundred. Surprisingly not as good a snapshot of Dunkirk as the majestic 5 1/2 minute tracking shot in Joe Wrights 'Atonement'.	3
Excellent film, especially the sound design. Really captures the atmosphere of the events on a large scale while getting enough view of the characters to convey the sense of humanity needed to make the film something one can care about.	5
I really enjoyed it.	5
It wasn't at all what I expected. I expected much more battle scenes. The movie appeals to your intellectual side. A great ensemble cast.	3
Not very much of a plot very disapointed	1
Per ora il miglior film del 2017, e di sicuro tra i più riusciti dell'intera filmografia di Nolan. Dunkirk è stato un film quasi perfetto, emozionante e coinvolgente dall'inizio alla fine, con scene incredibili sotto l'aspetto tecnico e psicologico. La storia vera che fa da base al film viene raccontata con estrema precisione e riesce a coinvolgere una vasta gamma di pubblico, sia chi conosceva già la storia che quelli che invece non ne erano ancora a conoscenza. Sotto l'aspetto tecnico il film è incredibile: gli effetti sonori sono qualcosa di strepitoso, con un accurato lavoro di missaggio tra l'incredibile colonna sonora e i precisi effetti sonori, anche se è ancora presto sono sicuro che agli Oscar vincerà molti premi di questo tipo. Dall'altra parte il film riesce a stupire anche sotto l'aspetto emotivo, con personaggi ben caratterizzati e una sceneggiatura ridotta all'osso. Le scene di Nolan sono così perfette che anche senza l'uso di dialoghi riescono a trasudare ansia e tensione con molta facilità, facendoci provare una delle esperienze più intense dell'anno. Un'opera incredibile che però risente di qualche neo, come una fine troppo veloce e conveniente e una lieve confusione tra i personaggi, i quali ad un certo punto diventano irriconoscibili e difficili da distinguere. Nel complesso si tratta comunque di un film potente ed enorme, un lavoro inaudito di uno dei migliori registi contemporanei, uno di quelli che ha tutte le possibilità di diventare uno tra i migliori mai esistiti.	4
This was absolutely really an amazing movie! I loved Dunkirk a lot. It's one of the best Christopher Nolan movies since The Dark Knight Trilogy! It's definitely a must see!	5
A week; a day; an hour. Three angels. Simple and informative. Christ is still one of the best directors in this generation.	4
Hard to put into words. Very little dialog and yet a masterpiece of storytelling. So brilliantly humanistic. Very much brings the horrors of war into focus.	5
Great movie to mark what happened. However, when thinking about saving private Ryan, it was lacking characters you cared about.	3
probably the worst movie I have ever seen	1
Few directors have the skills or even the vision to pull off a movie like Dunkirk in such mesmerizing and spellbinding ways. It is an incredible achievement not in what it brings to the screen, but what it leaves out, making every element within each frame ever more impactful. It doesn't rely on flashes and spectacles, but instead has the confidence to draw attention to the quiet moments, the minute details that captures the audience's attention ever deeper into the world on the silver screen. It knows what it wants to show and nothing more. Every shot is efficiently framed, and every moment strung together cohesively to form a compelling narrative that makes us not just see or hear what is going on, but actually feel them as if we were living those moments firsthand. While a movie such as Saving Private Ryan's Omaha Beach scene unapologetically captured the realism and the frenetic pace of battle, with the foreground, middleground, and background all unfolding its own layer of pandemonium among other layers of pandemonium, Dunkirk's approach is a carefully choreographed chaos. It doesn't rely on showing the carnage up close and personal, but you still feel it's happening and sense its effects and impacts on the human soul. Also, character development is stripped down to only what is minimally essential, which is to say hardly at all, so as not to get in the way of the rest of the storytelling. We know almost nothing of the characters' backgrounds, where they came from, nor their motivations in why they chose to be in the war. The only common thread across all of the characters is simply the desire for survival, of themselves and of their fellow countrymen. Their most elemental instinct for self-preservation connects the audience on a primal level that needs no further elaboration by the filmmaker. Christopher Nolan's style of films typically have many moving parts that intricately fits together into a complex intertwining of story elements and plot points, oftentimes resembling a cinematic equivalence of a Rube Goldberg machine. Sometimes this complexity misfires and the less than compelling outcome leaves the audience bewildered and feeling emotionally flat. However, when it works, such as with Memento and The Dark Knight, it is an intellectual joyride that rivets the viewer and rewards them with an euphoric experience that resonates and stays with them well after the end credits. In Dunkirk, we get three overlapping perspectives: the land on the beach where the allied forces are pinned by the German soldiers, the sea where civilian boats sail across the English channel to rescue these soldiers, and the air where three British Royal Air Force pilots lend aid to the rescue efforts. Each perspective unfolds on its own timeline: the land over a week, the sea over a day, and the air over an hour. While this method of storytelling may seem a bit confusing, it is by design and no less a trademark of the director, where he most notably used to great effect in his past works such as Inception and Interstellar which made the different rate at which time unfolds an integral and essential part of the story. There will be some who may not appreciate the slower pacing of Dunkirk and will feel let down by the movie. Christopher Nolan crafts each film with great care and purpose, never repeating himself but pushing beyond the boundaries he had set for himself before. This is a very different kind of film than he has done in the past, but it is still very much a Christopher Nolan film. For those who can look beyond the expected flash and thrills of a typical summer blockbuster, Dunkirk can be as enjoyable and satisfying of an experience as any of the best movies that has come out this year.	5
Very beautiful movie. Another epic under Nolan's belt. Imax was the perfect format and worth watching this movie in.	5
With real locations, a cast of mostly new faces and excellent photography, editing, sound and music, "Dunkirk" is a very immersive experience that offers first seat to witness the military failure, human tragedy and dramatic evacuation that happened there. Nolan has a total grasp of the real-life material and transforms it into an enthralling, poignant, perfectly crafted film, full of both big and small moments of brilliance. Another masterclass by one of our century's best auteurs then.	4
The movie was intense and entertaining.	3
O filme é sensacional, totalmente diferente de qualquer filme de guerra. Um suspense muito épico. Eu creio que Nolan irá ganhar alguns "Oscars" em alguma categoria que o filme de Nolan irá disputar.Eu assisti Dunkirk, é uma ótima experiência, o som principal é muito magnífico.	5
Storytelling at it's best. Masterfully directed. A must see.	5
Beautifully mastered, Christopher Nolan constructs his beautiful world of perfectly timed sound and action and beautiful acting like a GOD looking from above	4
Despite not the obvious subject matter to pick, this is very much a Christopher Nolan film. Cleverly put together with a great cast and that includes Harry Styles who is destined for more. Tom Hardy and Kenneth Branagh add gravitas to proceedings whilst Mark Rylance is everyman. Visually stunning especially the aerial shots. Why not 5 stars? I wish I had realised that there was a non linear timeline going on. At first I was bemused as a result. By the end I was triumphant. The score doesn't let up!	4
The movie isn't so much about the historical story of Dunkirk as it is about the British mentality and psychology. This is a quintessentially British movie. As opposed to American war movies, the emotions are beneath the surface, but no less real. The military bearing presented by the Brits (most notably by pilot Tom Hardy) seems almost ludicrous; all the movie would need would be to have the fighter pilots drinking tea while flying to make it into a parody. But despite the danger, death, and fear, the absolute seriousness of all involved allows the audience to be absorbed into this culture of the stiff upper lip.	5
I really liked the movie but would have liked to learn more at the end about the number of people that were actually evacuated and casualties of the Durkirk war.	4
Nolan's knack for realism and obsession with non-linear narrative is on full display here in one of his more grounded, straight-forward works in recent memory. The visuals are inspired, especially for a genre that can easily feel tired and rote.	4
An Actual ReviewYou know the more I keep telling people that i'm a writer, the more people ask me "What have you written?" Usually I just say reviews...as if It hasn't been 4 months since I last wrote one and it wasn't an anime which if anyone actually reads these reviews, has actually seen it. So yeah...lets review DunkirkI think a lot of people have mistaken this movie, calling it a "War" movie, and yeah sure I think the largest war in history was mentioned there somewhere. In all seriousness this is nothing like the more recent War movies of late from "Hacksaw Ridge" to "Fury". Another movie which came out just before Dunkirk and is closely related (and underrated) is the British comedy "Their Finest" which is another film I highly recommend. Christopher Nolan has always been a director of thriller and suspense, and that's exactly what this movie is. Its an extreme intense thriller, with 300,000 British soldiers who have all but one thing on their minds. Surviving. You feel the desperation, you feel the tension, never has a war movie before been shown like this. There is very little gore, very little action, and very little dialogue. It's enough to throw you off, that and Nolan's intuitive time structure of how the film is presented. The narrative of the film focusing on 3 different time periods at the same time with the men on the beach, the people coming to rescue those men, and the men trying to stop the Luftwaffe from killing those men. All narratives which essentially the film builds up to all come to the same spot and the same time. Yet as every bit as complex as his fascination with the weaving of time, Nolan is imaginative to know the audience is smart enough to keep up. And guess what, they are. Every bad review I've seen for this film has nothing to do with the cleverness of its narration, Nolan has made a blockbuster that unlike Michael Bay doesn't need Anthony Hopkins to explain it's plot for the sake of it. The story is simple, these men are desperately trying to survive and that's it. Survival is clear throughout the film whether it be from the characters who hardly speak to Harry Styles who is willing to sacrifice others just so he can get home. His direction is clear (Yes that was a pun) and his presence in the film is just as important. Yes its strange having your main characters say almost nothing through the whole film, what I can't take is critics giving characters a hard time because they have no characterization. Then I just feel like they are missing the purposes, the characters are people, just normal people who don't need extra explanation and who don't have characterization because people don't have that in a day. These are simply men just trying to get home. When I watched the film, I had such a strange sense of patriotism when the little boats of Dunkirk made it, and the British Soldiers cheer just for the moment of the situation, and the characters get to sleep for the first time without listening to a BF 109. The little moments of this film are just as important as it's spectacle and make a strong testament for those who were actually at Dunkirk and just how important the Evacuation war. If the spectacle of this film on a 70mm Imax screen doesn't pull you in, then maybe the sensuous staccato (yet brilliantly used) score of Hans Zimmer who plays just as an important part in the film as any character. The ticking of a watch like time is closing in around you, practically never leaves the film and I still had it in my head even when the Tommy's make it home. Every sound to the rupture of gunfire breaking silence, or the slow build up of a Stuka's engine coming straight for you, plays the strange contrast to the sombreness of the film. There are a lot of moments of dead silence, the eeriness of just waiting for death is strangely more worrying than when a bomb is dropped from the sky. Everything has its place, and you know just from the tone of the film when a scene is coming to it's climax. I'll just say for a film so silent, It's strange for it to be so loud. I've said something similar in my last review on "A Silent Voice", theirs a reason why certain things are made into films, it's a universal experience, it's meant to be heard and its meant to be seen, it's a strange language which I've really been seeing more and more of in my recent affiliation with anime. Nolan is often seen as practically cold with his style of film making, being wrapped up in the technical and visual aspect of it to the likings of Kubrick. Yet where as I feel distant with the overly spectacle Bullshit (I got this far without swearing) of Michael Bay and the coldness of Kubrick, I do not feel this with Nolan. Its more present here than ever how humane the film really is, and it owes that to the amazing visuals, the tension of sound and the simplicity of his characters. THAT IS WHAT MAKES DUNKIRK. If you made is this far, Dunkirk is not just one of the best war movies I've seen but shows just what a visual grandeur of a Blockbuster can do. Things I remember the most weren't how impressed I was that Nolan somehow fit an Imax camera inside the cockpit of Spitfire, but the look on Kennith Branagh's face when he see's the Little Ship of Dunkirk coming to save them.As a very nerdy historian, I already knew a lot about Operation Dynamo and the Evacuation of Dunkirk, I never thought I would actually get to witness the story done justice. Granted it doesn't show everything, but then again it doesn't need to. Yet still I feel a bit of emptiness of how little part the French made in the film but their presence is clear just like it was in real life. The only reason the German Army didn't swarm the beach of Dunkirk was because the French were the one's holding the line. Yet the film by no means disgraces their sacrifices. It's a small gripe, but something I felt like I had to mention.	4
This is the best World War II film since band of Brothers. Who knew harry styles could act?	5
The type of movie that critics love to rate highly. Will probably win an award but in reality it wasn't that good. It was confusing and quite boring at times. Very little character development. In fact, I didn't care for any of the characters. It's an ok theatre experience, but if you have a 50"+ TV and surround sound, it's probably better off as a rental.	3
I'd have to say I was disappointed overall. The interleaving of the plot segments didn't work from a time perspective (e.g. how long do you think it would take for a plane travelling at over 300mph to travel less than 50 miles across the Channel?), and the special effects were disappointing - history tells us that over 800 small boats went to rescue the soldiers, and we saw no more than 20 in the film. The images of the beaches and the town showed little sign of the devastation that the real pictures of the time show (bombed and destroyed oil tanks, building, streets). Also, to my mind, the film failed to capture any of the sense of the terror of being trapped...	2
An audiovisual masterpiece that can not easily be forgotten. The sound with its deep complexion and accuracy transfers you to the war scene like never before. Also, the director let you fully understand it by showing defferent point of views. But what really stones you is the incredible acting of the actors. Talking without exaggeration, they are like living every bit of the conditions they are under to. Maybe the movie of the year, maybe of the decade, maybe of the century...!	5
Another truly stunning Nolan movie, with his unique style creating a single message despite seemingly disparate plotlines.	4
best war movie out there	4
Action and cinematography excellent but any good work destroyed by the most naff and obvious propaganda nonsense. Nimrod blasting out, Branagh gushing nonsense, every soldier a 'hero', Soldier reading out Churchill's speech at the end. It was like one of the 1950s goodies and baddies films. Dreadful	1
I felt as if I were in Dunkirk, reliving a soldier's escape. Intense and uplifting. Finally an adult movie!	5
The best movie of this year yet!!	5
Con Dunkirk, Christopher Nolan encontró el balance adecuado entre proponer un nuevo esquema donde se pudiera brindar una perspectiva al cine bélico, y que este continuara siendo relevante y donde invitara a la reflexión sin la necesidad de mostrar la crueldad, el sacrificio y la violencia a través de imágenes bañadas en sangre y con cuerpos desmembrados. Expone un hecho que en muchas latitudes del mundo se conoce demasiado poco y que sin duda, como hecho histórico y proeza de unidad social, que además su estructura narrativa permite no sólo apreciar el evento desde diferentes perspectivas sino de diferentes puntos de vista que permiten analizar la condición humana dentro de un ambiente hostil como es la guerra. Con un antagonista que toma el papel de una fuerza abstracta y casi simbólica: presente pero no visible, con más emociones expresadas que diálogos, concentrarse totalmente en el evento y dejar atrás cualquier historia secundaria, haciendo que los personajes sean tan reales en sus motivos e impulsos, y que estos con el evento sean uno (lo que son más allá no es el tema aquí), el tener un gran detalle por obtener la mejor experiencia posible del evento, es suficiente para catalogar esta película como auténtico cine de autor, y que a su vez habita dentro de un esquema de blockbuster. Lo anterior, hace a esta película muy singular debido al contexto de industria que se experimenta actualmente, en tiempos llenos de sagas, super héroes, reboots, secuelas etc, Dunkirk viene a romper con este molde y da esperanzas para que el verano cinematográfico se antoje más interesante y propositivo. Sin duda me parece que esta película debería ser reconocida en la temporada de premios.	5
A visceral film wrought with an overwhelming sense of drowning, which is entirely the purpose of the film.	4
One of the most masterful pieces filmmaking I've seen! Never felt so much intensity from watching a film! Huge props to the filmmaking genius of Christopher Nolan & the whole cast & crew pulling off something magnificent! & God bless all those courageous soldiers, who's incredible bravery & sacrifices inspired this film!	5
The visual aspects of this film were fantastic and remarkable. But I felt no real suspense building at all. Because I knew the story before seeing the film, it just played out. The fleshing out of the individual characters' stories might have made the film more compelling to me.	3
One of the most masterful pieces filmmaking I've seen! Never felt so much intensity from watching a film! Huge props to the filmmaking genius of Christopher Nolan & the whole cast & crew pulling off something magnificent! & God bless all those courageous soldiers, who's incredible bravery & sacrifices inspired this film!	5
It was a historical drama, don't go in expecting "Saving Private Ryan" or Hacksaw Ridge". Those had more linear plots. Dunkirk changes context very often, has many plot threads (which do come together at the end), but in slow almost History Channel way. Not the typical Christopher Nolan style of movie.	2
Stunning cinematography and wonderful acting/direction makes this one of Nolan's best films, that delivers a true cinematic experience.	4
Minimalistic plot and dialogue. Overdramatized. Schmaltzy soundtrack. Just going through the motions of telling the history. Not a lot of character development. Plenty of bombs and bullets flying.	2
Dunkirk gives the feel of what it was like for the individual soldier. Poor overall view of what happened in the big picture. It gave the impression that only a few thousand were saved rather than the 335,000 saved.	3
Very good, sad, and terrifying, which seems appropriate for a war movie.	5
Very good, sad, and terrifying, which seems appropriate for a war movie.	5
Not what I expected. Thought there would be more of a story line. Acting, scenes and direction were stupendous.	3
Really great action, amazing story.	5
A beautiful and nuanced film. A formal masterwork - three timelines of three durations interwoven seamlessly - a tightly crafted period piece - it's worth watching for the boats and the planes alone - a philosophical examination of truth, courage, and the benevolent deceptions that strengthen our resolve in the face of hopelessness. Dunkirk is in a league of its own.	5
Great cinematography, Great at building tension, bold story telling, But there's nothing in character development. It almost felt like a documentary rather than a feature film. Still a good watch	2
You have to go into this movie with knowledge of the epic heroism displayed by so many at the turning point of WW2. But, Nolan does an amazing job making you feel the utter confusion and fear that the young soldiers and Brittish civilians felt. The lack of dialogue makes it feel even more authentic as well.	5
It's an interesting way of telling a story. Christopher Nolan is at his best in this movie.	5
Amazing film - gripping from the first minute giving a real experience of the sights, sounds and fears that must have gripped the returning soldiers and their rescuers.	5
If you want to see a war movie, don't go see it. It's a movie about some individuals on the edge to lose faith. It's a movie about how we can remain human in the most desperate moments. Fantastic picture. The minimalist soundtrack is here to make you feel how the characters are feeling not to manipulate the audience. So far from recent Nolan's work, great good surprise for me.	4
One of the best movies of the summer.	5
Splendid film. Maybe a tad overrated for me but still a good watch.	4
Stunning, and nothing like war movies of the past.	5
Rollicking action from first to last minute. Great actors and brilliantly directed in a new and fresh style. Does not saturate with gore like some other famous war movies. Seeks to entertain and enlighten rather than shock.	5
Watched this in IMAX 70mm. Imagine 'Saving Private Ryan' but on water instead of land. The production value is incredible. It's very realistic. Superbly acted. Beautiful moments and also sad ones. Rating: 8.5/10	4
For all of the people who say there is no character development, I'd say you obviously do not understand the direction Nolan took. The most realistic WWII movie of all time.	5
The real history was of course better, and can be read in a score of good books. Nolan's melodrama attempts what The Longest Day did so well: to tell the story by weaving a number of other stories together. Unfortunately, Nolan hasn't quite managed the technique: the miracle of Dunkirk gets lost in a flurry of stories that are hard to attach to emotionally. The great event is seen through a cadre of oily, cowardly privates, their preternaturally British officers (who seem to come from another movie), heroic RAF guardian angels; and one (count 'em, ONE) of the civilian sailors who pulled off a miracle: Mark Rylance is so good in this role that it's almost a comprehensible choice, but not quite.The movie's beautifully shot and amazingly edited to weave the stories together. Hans Zimmer rightly understands the film is a melodrama and appropriately overdoes the score.The film is also inspired by Saving Private Ryan (the cowardly private is a touchstone in that film, too, though there it makes some dramatic sense); and by The Dark Knight Rises, where Tom Hardy is also put behind a mask and still manages to act brilliantly.	3
What an incredible IMAX experience, so immersive.	4
Great story and beautiful visuals	4
Garbage compared to other WWII movies.	1
Sure to become a class war movie, this movie makes you feel like you have experienced a slice of the fear and trauma of Dunkirk. Dark but gripping, it's a tale told from several perspectives in a fascinating way. It's low on fluff, and big on realism. It will be that much better if you know something about the World War 2 vehicles involved.	4
Incredible film! Great direction and cinematography! Incredible scenes and realistic.	5
if only i was a war movie buff... probably would have appreciated the effort a bit more!	3
Simply beautiful and stunning, this film definitely nails the hammer on the head with its interpretation of war. The audio ques and drama adds to the war-like feeling of the film. I would definitely recommend seeing this movie if you are a history buff like me.	4
First five stars this year for me. Dunkirk is a masterpiece that manages to pull you into a world of hopelessness and triumph. 5/5	5
non-stop action, a bit confusing but also clever the way it was put together	4
It's appropriate that Dunkirk hit cinemas in the summer as its more a period blockbuster than an historical drama. To be fair a very well executed feat it is too. Packed full of action, Dunkirk is not short of suspense with impressive special effects (without a shimmer of CGI), sweeping cinematography and a breathless and frankly genius piece of scoring by Zimmer (surely has the Oscar in the bag). Nolan also adds his own deft touch to the tale by splitting the story arcs not only by geography but by time frame. Sadly what he doesn't deliver is much emotional heft - which given the setting is most surprising and disappointing. Fair enough if he doesn't want to churn out a stereotypical Oscar-bait, but the characters are so severely underwritten that I felt unmoved by their plight on a personal level. Despite some solid performances (yes even from Harry Styles) Dunkirk is populated with perfunctory characters which unfortunately leaves the film feeling like a superbly produced but rather cold reenactment of an infamous chapter of British history.	3
Even as a history major, and former history teacher, the slow pace of this movie is horrendous. With the constant music in the background, there seems to be no transition from the opening scene...ever. Walked out of this movie bored to tears. Disappointed.	1
I understand the importance of the actual event in history sadly this movie only served to show that even the cowards live to see another day. From the opening seen it follows first one the two cowards trying to do anything they could to escape. Even the sacrifices made by the pilots during the course of the movie did not take away from that story about two cowards tone This movie could have been much better done	1
simply one of, if not, the best ww2 films ever made.	5
Seriously.....no plot!! Lots of action that was impossible to follow. Took my 80 year old father who adores war movies and it was such a disappointment! Is it possible to give negative stars??	1
Christopher Nolan gives a masterclass in directing, with breathtaking shots and beautiful cinematography, you feel invested and as if you are right there in the war by side with the characters, the sound design is brilliant, giving you the atmosphere of being in the middle of this conflict and the urgency of being rescued, as well the score from Zimmer is great as always, but one thing is true, the movie could do with a bit more of character development, maybe that's not the point, but it would help to feel the loses that the war costs.	4
VISCERAL MASTERFUL film making from a director at the top of his game. IMAX 70mm 2D is the best.	5
A very realistic feeling War tribute - apart from a couple of big names, a pretty unknown or budget cast but were absolutely brilliant and was surprised that Harry Styles actually wasn't that bad. Such a good and touching story and visually superb	4
I loved Harry Styles Acting	4
A complete MASTERPIECE from the very first second to the last. Incredible!	5
Dialogue was unnecessary. This film evoked emotion in its stoicism as easily as through its intensity.	5
This is not an usual war movie, I saw nothing like this before. But there's something missing to complete it	4
Not a bad movie. I found it confusing. To many story lines going at once. The music was to load and a distraction. Not my favorite Christopher Nolan movie.	2
Good visual movie not what I expected	5
Fantastic presentation of humanism in war; a stellar cast, dreary imagery and haunting soundtrack will surely give any audience chills.	4
I like character development in movies and there's practically none in this. Which is a turn off for me and probs a few others. Still an artsy movie tho.	3
Good movie but hard to understand dialogue sometimes.	4
Horrible movie. 4 minutes of dialog in first 45 min. Did not develop any characters. Just random cinematography shots. I had no connection with any character and barely new anyone or their story even by the end of the movie. I looked at my watch several times because I coudnt wait for it to be over and almost walked out. Talked to others in the lobby and 2 friends who saw it and they all felt the same.	1
Christopher Nolan's "Dunkirk" is an overwhelming masterpiece which dwells in an overanxious world of suspense.	4
There are two kinds of people in the world. Those who love Christopher Nolan films and those who find them pretentious and tedious experiences. I'm in the former and found this film utterly brilliant. Set before the United States entered WWII, the film retells the the British defeat by the German Army at Dunkirk, where they were surrounded on all side by German forces, trapped along the shores of France and desperately trying to retreat back to England. The story unfolds almost wordlessly, following several individual stories amongst what must have been thousands of personal stories. One is of a group of infantrymen trying desperately to sneak ahead in line to get aboard a ship bound for England. Another follows one of the many civilian ships, crewed by a father and two sons, who risked all crossing the channel to bring their boys home. Another thrilling storyline follows an airman who must protect English civilians and soldiers, while watching out for German planes, all the while also watching his dwindling fuel supply. The film is incredibly suspenseful and at times terrifying, which was a bit of a surprise considering the film's PG-13 rating, but that's a big tip-of-the-hat to writer/director Nolan talents behind the camera. What struck me most about this film was how it was able to fully capture the scope of this battle, but did so by telling the the story from three very individual experiences. Time will tell, but I believe this film will one day stand amongst the like of "Paths of Glory," "The Battle of Algiers," and the other greatest war films of all time.	5
loved it. saw at imax London. felt realistic although obviously a film.	5
The unusual movie by Christopher Nolan telling about events during World War II in Dunkirk. The movie very much differs from other military movies. In Dunkirk the main characters fight not with fascists. No, they fight time.	4
It was really well made	4
I enjoyed this movie. There was very little dialogue but that didn't bother me. I thought the 3 different timelines were kind of unnecessary, but they did keep me thinking/engaged. It would have helped to know that a "mole" was like a pier/dock. It took me a while to realize that lol. Don't expect any backstory, it just starts. I thought it was visually beautiful. Not the best movie of the year or anything, but pretty good.	4
A nice relief from the typical summer blockbuster style. It's got a unique tone, different from the traditional war flick. little dialogue, visual storytelling at it's best.	5
This is the film I was exactly waiting for a long time. Lots of movies since the advent of film industries have touched me emotionally. Of course, some of them completely let me down by showing the lack of story or fully idiotic exaggeration. The point I'm trying to make is that maybe audiences such as Moviegoers or film directors are looking forward to watching something more productive, informational and educational not being blurred by blockbusters and wasting time by watching sort of those movies without any thoughts on the stories. Evidently, I found this movie something that I can possibly learn from. Not to mention I was gobsmacked while I was absorbing the british tragic history in the 1st world war. It's not only because it was a brilliant and astonishing storyline but also because it was fully attracting. Furthermore, this is quite sentimental in terms of characters and the backgrounds. I will surely like to recommend this movie to my acquaintances. Very impressively done.	4
Beautifully filmed. Really makes you feel the emotions the characters are feeling. Many edge of your seat moments. Only complaint is there isn't a lot of flow to the story or lack there of. It was interesting as the movie makes you feel like you are along for the ride, and toes everything together well, however it jumps around a lot.	3
Christopher Nolan has outdone himself in this brilliantly ambitious story of the evacuation of hundreds of thousands of troops from the beaches of Dunkirk in May of 1940. Nolan tells the story by using three different timelines (a fact that seems to have escaped the notice of some of the reviewers here). The first timeline is called "The Mole" and starts a week before the climactic action. (Or at least that's what is said - a careful tracking of the action suggests it might be more accurate to say it starts about 48 hours before the main climax.) The "mole" is the pier at Dunkirk being used by the British to evacuate troops. The story follows an English soldier named Tommy, the sole survivor of his squad, who reaches the beach and connects with a French soldier who's taken the identity of Gibson, a dead English soldier. We follow their progress as they make several attempts to escape the beach: first they grab the abandoned stretcher of an injured man and try to work their way onto a hospital ship. They doesn't entirely work out, but other opportunities arise.The second story line is called "The Sea", and follows a pleasure boat in Weymouth manned by a Mr. Dawson and his son, Peter. It starts one day before the main action. Their ship is commandeered by the Royal Navy to provide relief, so they load up some life preservers and set sail, joined at the last moment by a lad named George, who justifies his presence by insisting he can be of help. The third timeline is called "The Air". It follows the paths of a group of three Spitfires, two of which are piloted by Farrier (Thomas Hardy) and Collins (Jack Lowden). Their action starts one hour before the climax.The interaction between the three timelines is well written, often with similar issues being faced by the diverse characters in their separate story lines. For example, we see ships getting flooded simultaneously in the "Mole" and "Sea" story lines, even though one is happening the night before the action of the other. The triple-paced story line is reminiscent of Nolan's "Inception", which also featured stories happening at multiple speeds. (In this case we were spared the fourth story line of a vehicle taking an hour plus to fall off a bridge.)However, in Dunkirk, Nolan tweaks the pacing a bit, letting one story line race ahead and one straggle behind.Many events are seen first in the "Air" timeline, then in the "Sea" timeline, then finally in the "Mole" timeline. This first becomes evident when we see the Dawsons look up from their boat to see three Spitfires flying overhead - long after Hardy and his mates have flown past them to engage German fighters in their timeline.[Aside: honestly I'm baffled at any reviewer who didn't catch this basic structure of the film and instead criticizes Dunkirk for having continuity errors.]The three timelines finally merge in the climax of the last 20 minutes, as Farrier's Spitfires fight off German planes while the Dawson's boat picks up survivors and Tommy and his mates try to finally get away from the beach. I don't understand reviewers who complain about lack of tension. I felt tension for nearly an hour straight. I really don't understand reviewers who wanted more dialogue, or to "get to know" the characters. The relative anonymity of the characters is part of the point here. Hundreds of thousands of people were involved, and incredible acts of bravery were performed by generic every day people. We don't need Mark Rylance to expound on end about what it means to be an English man sailing a pleasure craft into a war zone. The awareness of the risk is conveyed by a glance, a tone of voice, and the way simple (yet not stupid) people interact with each other. I hope Dunkirk gets respected by the awards show at the end of the year. It's a travesty that Nolan's contributions to films like Memento, Inception, and The Dark Night have been underappreciated. It's a shame that this might be happening because viewers find the usage of varying timelines to be too confusing. I am reminded of the criticism that Mozart used "too many notes".	4
One of my favorite films of all time. Good representation of India for people who are familiar with or curious about Indian culture. People who don't value or wish to understand Indian cultural themes in cinema should avoid this film, otherwise anyone with an open mind will enjoy this film. It is important to remember this film is Tragic-Style Bollywood .	5
I am more than a bit surprised at the critical acclaim for this account of the historic evacuation at Dunkirk. While it captures the intensity from three different perspectives, it lacks a strong cohesive story. Dunkirk is loud with muddled dialogue throughout. Instead of a bold narrative of French and British troops holding the Germans back as attempt after attempt for a military evacuation is thwarted or the amazing story of civilians swarming like mosquitoes heroically through the channel to bring their boys home to safety, or even the perspective of British airmen giving their all to protect the troops who were basically sitting ducks on the beach, we get snippets of the terror of the beach, a brave effort in the sky and one civilian boat becoming part of a war zone. There are great moments in each vignette, but the opportunity to tell the compelling historic story was lost in doing so. That's unfortunate. Personally, I would wait for the Blu-ray.	2
Not what I expected.	3
Painful yet astonishing	4
I'd been looking forward to see this film since I saw the trailers months ago and as a huge fan of Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy and the historical significance of the movie's subject matter, I was so happy that I was finally getting to see it. However, I was pretty much glad when it finished. The movie is just over an hour and a half long but the amount of dialogue in the film could be fitted into about twenty five minutes and it just deflates the whole thing. I felt really sorry for all the young actors who must have been over the moon to be cast in a huge budget film, only to have a few lines even though they have the most screen time. Harry Styles had the most and, to be fair, he was pretty dam good!! Tom Hardy is brilliant, albeit, in such a simple role, but if you struggled listening to what he said in The Dark Knight Rises, you will have absolutely no chance hearing what he says in this! But he's just awesome in every role and is definitely the hero in the film at the end.Even though Dunkirk is not that far away from the South Coast at all, in one scene it cut from Dunkirk in the day, to Dover at night and it was the same group of people. In other words, Dover may as well be halfway round the world than just over the channel.So a few bad things there. Some of the good things about the film were Tom Hardy's sheer experience and poise which shone through the screen; it was almost a relief when he came on screen! Harry Styles's performance which was surprisingly good, and the sound editing of the dive bombers as they bombed the beach which really made the heart pump. But aside from those three things, it was a huge disappointment	1
excellent film giving different views of the war.	4
technically well made movie....but very disappointed and outraged for the gross inaccuracies and misrepresentation of what actually happened.	2
A visual movie that is best appreciated in IMAX!	5
I enjoyed this directorial tour de force (and the score was super good), but my experience of it was troubled by my reflections on its political implications after the fact. Defending Brexit is not cool.	4
I love Christopher Nolan movies usually and Dunkirk is beautiful at times; but it's also boring for long stretches, and has several painfully obvious holes and mistakes, for example somehow several hundred thousand soldiers are evacuated from the beach at Dunkirk between the time one heroic allied fighter plane runs out of petrol at 500 feet altitude and the moment 10 minutes later that the same plane finally lands on the empty beach. Several other similar examples severely sap willing suspension of disbelief. I was left sleepy and unimpressed overall though as mentioned it was pretty to look at and not badly acted to the extent it involved words (of which there were very, very few for a full length movie - could have fit all the dialog on less than 10 pages). Perhaps a postcard would have been more appropriate for what was accomplished.	2
Technical merit aside, the problem with this movie is that in showing the collective and individual effort to survive, it doesn't develop any human character, so in the end you don't feel you care about these people's lives.	2
Masterfully shot from every angle! Beautifully crafted!! This movie keeps you at the edge of your seat and takes you right in the heat of the action with the soldiers. You have a realsense of the horror of war even though you never see the face of the enemy. A unique point of view that works amazingly well!	5
Eeh.. this movie was not what we were expecting. Somewhat slow, disjointed story line. Disappointing overall	2
Really unbelievable situations but good fight scenes	3
How many times can you play the same clip from different angles....the same angle...	2
While Dunkirk does not follow a traditional style of storytelling, it nevertheless makes for an interesting and intense film. The movie is very suspenseful and the cinematography is superb. However, the characters are bland and the way time moves forward in this movie create a lot of confusion. Still worth seeing (though you might want to bring earplugs!).	4
Too stylized for a way movie. I did not relate not care for the characters which seems strange for a way movie. The cinematics were great visually which is the redeeming value.	2
worthy effort but all the flashing fwd and back from different positions was distracting. also what's with all the empty beach? and the small fleet of little boats. should have gone for CGI to fill in. as shown looks like a really small event.	3
Absolutely gripping. Well acted and fantastic cinematography from start to finish.	5
The premise was good. the visuals and sound were great. the plot was mediocre. my wife fell asleep half way through the movie. you don't connect with any of the people in the film. I had no investment in the characters. the only ones that i even cared for a little were the pilots.	2
Dunkirk è un film anticonvenzionale e trepidante ma, purtroppo, incompleto.A pieno comando della sua ultima opera, Christopher Nolan confeziona un prodotto dal comparto tecnico sublime, relegando potenza e patos in ogni singola sequenza, grazie ad un ingegnoso e sapiente uso della camera e ad una fotografia ricca e ricercata, potenziati da un regime sonoro da cardiopalmo. Lo stupore nel vedere come il regista sia irrotto in un genere colmo come quello dei war movie, è controbilanciato da un senso di disaffezione verso un racconto che bada esclusivamente all'impatto sensoriale dello spettatore, ponendo, di fatto, dialoghi ed interpretazioni su un piano che nessun film meriterebbe.L'estro di Nolan è tutto lì, amabile o meno, e Dunkirk è un'esperienza rara che, al netto delle sue lacune, non può essere ignorata.	3
Pretty visuals. That's what this barely written thing has going for it.That's it.	2
Nolan strikes again.	4
One of the best war movies of our time. Epic in IMAX if you can find it. Outstanding development of suspense. One of the few movies in recent memory where you get a sense that if you leave to go to the bathroom or concession, you are going to miss something important.	5
I confess to be huge fan of Christopher Nolan's work and whilst a good film Dunkirk left me a little underwhelmed. Maybe my expectations were too high after seeing all of the very positive reviews. I was lucky enough to see this on an IMAX screen and the look and feel of the film is superb. Shots of the RAF in full flight particular really stood out. However, I found the multiple concurrent stories difficult to follow at times although making events in a war confusing might well have been Nolan's intention. My biggest gripe with Dunkirk is that I didn't get enough of a sense of the epic scale of the evacuation. For example 300,000 - 400,000 troops rescued by what felt to me like only a handful of civilian boats seemed understated to the extreme. The few allied boats that were there seemed to only serve the purpose of being blown to pieces although it has been explained to me that they were severely restricted. I particularly liked the RAF part of the story and especially how this chapter ended as it would have been very easy to go all Hollywood with this. I was also a fan of how it suggested that despite being allies with the French they were most definitely down the pecking order when it came to rescue with a deep seated suspicion clearly evident amongst the British.	3
This movie will keep you at the edge of your seat. This film is accompanied with beautiful shots of the setting and a soundtrack that reminds the audience of the limited time the British soldiers in the story have; in awaiting demise in hopeless evacuation from the titular city. What is really wonderful about this film is Nolan's (the director) ability to tell a story at different points in time through three different landscapes: land, sea, and air. This added with solid performances from the actors and an impressive acting debut for Harry Styles, keeps the thrill-ball rolling throughout. Possibly one of Nolan's top 5 films.	4
The best war movie i have ever seen. The trill and horror really made the defrens	5
This movie is amazing and looks great!	5
There isn't a single thing wrong with this movie it got fantastic acting great story great characters it's my second favorite Christopher Nolan movie and it's the best movie of 2017 so far. A+	5
Lack of character back story and any real moments of in depth dialogue left me slightly frustrated. However, Dunkirk captures moments of awe inspiring action and truly shocking drama. Hans Zimmer has also created a memorable score which at times leaves us trembling with genuine fear.	4
It is a masterpiece by Nolan. The cinematography and narration holds you till the end.	4
It couldn't have been a much bigger disappointment. After Inception and the Batman series, I have much higher expectations from Nolan than this Disneyesque and ridiculously contrived waste of time. The dogfight scenes are literally the only thing memorable. The rest is just Hollywood BS and could have been presented by any number of directors/cooks. Nolan is a Chef of the highest order, or at least he was.	3
not bad, pretty enjoyable, didn't live up to hype	4
Christopher Nolan returns in one of his most visually stunning epics to date. Blending real historical events with his dramatic camera work, Nolan once again manages to captivate audiences with his talents. The plot may be a bit hard to follow for first time viewers, but it is well worth it despite this one shortcoming.	4
An emotional, thrilling movie to watch! Actors were great and overall story line was superb. It's a Must See action/war movie!!!	4
Solid old school filmmaking	3
could have been more interesting	3
Another masterpiece from Christopher Nolan	5
I don't know. It's obviously beautiful to look at, extremely technically impressive, and at times truly thrilling, but ultimately totally hollow. I understand what Nolan was trying to do - eschewing the traditional war film trappings where the soldiers get to know each other over a makeshift fire and mugs of whiskey, but he forgets that giving us ANY sort of character would add to the dramatic heft of his beautiful images high stakes. I think Nolan truly just does not understand, or care about, human emotion, and yet another film of his suffers for it.	3
A very uniquely conveyed movie experience with a groundbreaking use of sound effects that put you seemingly in the battlefield, while staying true to real events, this film has built all the necessary arches to produce an enjoyable action movie and with very tasteful fast-paced moments.	4
nu este la intaltimea lui private ryan. cinematogriafia este misto, a meritat sa il vad pe un ecran mare la cinema, mai ales scenele din aer, incredibile. nu m-am atasat de personaje, probabil pentru ca este prea putin dialog. faptul ca se moare asa de usor este socant, si mai ales indiferenta personajelor la asta. 4 stele pentru ca a abordat subiectul viata si moarte.	4
So overrated, so bored I wanted to leave and would have done if I hadn't paid for the Lux showing!	1
Masterful, Christopher Nolan at his best, how average people doing whats right, saving the day. He masterfully use the camera to tell the store, there is barely any dialog, he uses the camera to tell the story with three interlocked story timeline. The spitfire shot and sound effect gives goose bumps.	5
Nolan has done it again!	5
Christopher Nolan's ode is a cutting-edge gem of technical artFilm will always be an unobstructed door for people whose desires to transport their attendees within scenes of hardship, resentment or exhilaration are more intense than their possibilities. Bit by bit, cinema, art in a collective pure state, has been refined by entities that innovate with inventive techniques enabled, either, by the prosperous technological advancement or the flourishing of intellect and imagination as a consequence of factors of the age. The cinematographic improvements cannot be confined to a single field, that would be a crazy idea, by virtue of this, one can say that the intervention of drama genre, in this ongoing construction, has been a key piece. Even though some time ago from "Citizen Kane" premiere (1941) a few works already instituted dogmas about making movies, was the magnanimous canon of Orson Welles that encouraged and exhibited the power the world of celluloid could have on significant parameters of the period. Then "Casablanca" (1942), "It's a Wonderful Life" (1946), "12 Angry Men" (1957) or "Taxi Driver" (1976), films rich in transformation messages and tales sustained in the darkest and most beautiful things that a human being can keep: love, rage, and forgiveness. Even when the genre is covered with titles in which prevail harassing relationships, the path to a dream or the overcoming of secular inconveniences; war, that heroic struggle, between two or more entities, that has forged history of the world, has attained its own category in the seventh art, movies focusing on deploying examinations about the origin, the development and the aftermaths generated by ignorance and discrepancies between two thoughts, two ideologies defending their arguments, verbatim, to the death, passing over the bloodshed of thousands of innocent men and women. This sub-genre has also delivered classics of brand-new attributes, with a perpetuity so solid that even, to this day, have an overwhelming cultural impact. "Schindler's List" by Spielberg, "Apocalypse Now" by Ford Coppola or "A Bridge Too Far" by Attenborough portray true realities, pillars of cinematography that gave rise to the creation of contemporary gems, such as the latest work of master Nolan: "Dunkirk", a film graved by fire on the world of war cinema.400,000 men have been cornered in enemy lands. It's 1940, violent winds ventilate the Second World War, exactly, the battles between Allied Forces and Nazi Germany. Operation Dynamo, aka the Miracle of Dunkirk was the defense and the colossal evacuation of Allied soldiers from the beaches and harbor of Dunkirk, in the north of France. Withstanding incessant fire concentrated on bomb artillery, thousands of people got to overcome this authentic Greek epic with the help of fishing boats and civilian vessels, which propitiated an official rescue. Occidental solidarity at the top.Christopher Nolan is one of the almost non-existent filmmakers who keep active excitement with every new release, in this way, three years after his last work, he raises a love letter to war cinema, a mega-production that highlights, in capital letters, an experience that gets by without dialogues, even episodically. Narratively, it's his film less cerebral and ambitious among a gold catalog led by "Interstellar" and "Inception", however, from the beginning, the story feels warm in its coldness, he assiduously introduces us into the heartless event. The given approach generates partiality in audience opinions since it poses a triplet of plots in parallel: German perspective from their air force planes, the point of view of the independent boat of a veteran and the journey of the main actors through the tragedy, a trio of soldiers who live their own hell. Without falling into subjectivities or appropriations - although director's grandfather was a British soldier who perished in those lands -, Nolan is set at the edge of situations injecting a tempo of the gods, specific dialogues in its effectiveness, and performances denoting professionalism. Being a learned man in the field of selection of tones and objectives for his psychological stories, his greatest strength lies in his form of making movies, here, Nolan displays a new record, one easier to keep pace: Narration in pictures.The first scene is the best letter of presentation, which will serve as a pattern, for a film imparting intensity. The movie conjures up superlative landscapes, the opening sequence is the entrance of a superb artistic hypnosis, a display of magnificent frames strengthened by a majestic 70 mm and IMAX cameras, the colors and shadows explicit in pictures are which lead the story by far. Functional aerial shots from unsuspected angles, explosions, and gunshots piercing our senses, respectful and quasi-negligible digital effects that ratify the commitment to turn a movie ticket into an absolute visceral experience. Clearly, Nolan film would not be exempt from allegories and metaphors through images; the grayish scum brought by the strong tide is a synonym of human filth, the framing of the soldier taking off his attire and running to death on his own, portraying defeat and pride, the corpses that are buried by snorting wind, the endless lines of men in pursuit of "salvation", the palette of blues and greens from the scene where soldiers contemplate an imminent attack, the three men looking at nowhere, the corpses returning to the shore, the covenant between two men burying one innocent under rough sand or the perfect framings of Kenneth Branagh and Tom Hardy are dreamy compositions that speak through colors, shadows, lighting and setting, a master class of cinematography and photography. The seventh art didn't deliver as such adrenaline and justified action in a non-commercial film for a long time, an artistic and technical triumph. Get ready, because "Dunkirk" is going to transcend.Hans Zimmer, a faithful Musketeer, returns recharged and ready to rise with well-deserved awards at the expense of his scores that not only include atmospheric obligations, these try to emulate stressful melody of a countdown, atomic effect of explosive artifacts, meteoric heartbeat or oxygen deficiency of the martyrs, a list of cadences endowing scenes with energy and tension like no other war film. Mr. Zimmer's wonders gain greater strength to the excellent work in the sound editing room, which accompanied by Shepard tone, are exciting. Gunshots are deafening, they are combined with the soundtrack, the crackling of the fire, the teeth chattering of a soldier, the cries of help under the water or the overflight over our heads provoke one of the most compelling cinematic experiences.I will never forget "Dunkirk", the movie that made me lose my record about seeing a film in IMAX cinemas, two words: mind-blowing and memorable.Some familiar faces go back, flaunting their high acting capacities. Hardy, Rylance and Murphy manage the cast purely masculine, understandable due to the context of the events. Each one offers spirit and personality to their characters to ease the following of the story. The performances of newcomers Fionn Whitehead, Jack Lowden and new soloist Harry Styles are laudable and rewarding in the skin of children with war uniforms. In fact, Whitehead and Styles make a powerful debut that places them on the radar of quality directors, also in a panorama of acting prestige.What would be the best words to describe "Dunkirk"? When the logo of Warner and Syncopy, bathed in a light blue, are unified with the war melodies, my feelings and sensations exploded of delight for the work of Christopher Nolan, creator of cinema with deep fundamentals and objectives. Brimming with complex and magnanimous technical components, intelligent and moving performances, a tremendous soundtrack and unmistakable and always welcome Nolan touch, "Dunkirk" becomes one of the best cinematographic experience so far this year, likewise, its function of entertaining for two hours with lights and pirouettes is relegated by the message of peace, unity and solidarity, three constituents not present in our anatomy. Did you think that one of the greatest war speeches in history - promulgated by the British politician Winston Churchill - recited by the protagonist was limited merely to the circumstance of the film?	4
This movie was missing the drama that it was trying to evoke. Truth can "at times" be better than fiction. However, in this case it's as if the director missed both the mark for drama and basic tender reality of war. This sucks because I hope you don't think that me not liking the movie means I don't like the actions of the patriots that this movie was made for. In fact I believe this movie was an injustice to those amazing men of Dunkirk. It was as if I was always waiting for the movie to take off and before I knew it it was over. So sorry to those it was made to pedistalize. However the director needs to go back to film school.	2
A little more straight-forward than we are used to from director Christopher Nolan. That turns out to be a benefit in this exciting, yet thoughtful story about World War II soldiers trapped along the beaches of Dunkirk. The young, mostly unknown cast is excellent, while veteran actors like Kenneth Branagh, Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, and Mark Roylance give the film some sturdy legs. Expertly filmed,, Nolan has once again shown why he is one of the greatest directors of his time.	4
Get Out was the best movie of the year... not anymore	5
Excellent portrayal of a horrific story of survival.	4
The suspense was consistent throughout the film, there were two or three times the dialects were too strong to discern what was said. Overall it was fairly good.	3
Okay. Nothing to write home about.	2
A beautifully shot film. I was absolutely blown away by the photography. The music was typical for a Christopher Nolan film and perfectly matched the pace on which he lets the movie unfold. The only thing the movie lacked was a human story we could latch onto. There were was not one character that we really get a chance to know. Nolan pretty much shows the action and history as it is happens without giving it much depth.	4
Wow! This Movie is definitely in my Top 3 of this Summer. A new and refreshing take on a War Movie while still stying true to the facts. And has even room for Nolens signature playing with the the different times in the movie.	5
Bad historical account, bad dramatic account, bad movie.	2
Christopher Nolan is back to show us what a blockbuster should be and what cinema can do with this devastating and highly ambitious war film. "Dunkirk" is my favorite film of 2017 and one of the most immersive movie experiences I've ever had (saw it in IMAX 70mm and it looked incredible!!) From the technical standpoint, this is a masterfully made film with terrific action set-pieces, spectacular score by Hans Zimmer (one of his best), and immersive sound effects that put you right into the middle of chaos. Everything you see and hear are so meticulously crafted that you never question whether something was digitally added or practically made. But the fact that his films are so expertly done doesn't really surprise us. The important thing that you need to know is Nolan is a master of storytelling and with "Dunkirk", he uses all this technical wizardry to tell an important story of survival and hope. He cares about the story and characters as much as he cares about the craftsmanship; without the compelling story at heart, all these amazing technical achievements mean nothing. I found myself engaged in the story the moment I saw the first scene and I deeply cared about its characters despite the fact there was not a lot of character development. The moments of triumph made me cheer, the moments of spectacle were properly spectacular, and the moments of tragedy hit me emotionally. It is tense and white-knuckling all the way through. "Dunkirk" is an astonishing piece of work and one of the best war films ever made. I loved it.	4
Hmmm, airplanes that glide forever, 300,000 men rescued yet the cues for the boats were only 50 men long. A boy's head caves in by falling 4 feet on a wooden deck. A pilot lands his dead plane on a enemy beach when he could have landed in friendly territory...and on and on. Critics must be hurting to give something a fresh rating because the film had more holes and bad acting and cliche then, then....ah yes, it has been a rather dry summer for movies now hasn't it. Well go on then, tally ho!	2
Great war time movie with good acting and great cinematography.	4
Best blockbuster of the summer	5
Exceptionally well done, but tough subject matter. It did an excellent job of portraying the human aspect of the conflict.	5
I didn't expect to but I really enjoyed this movie.	5
Before I get into the heart of this review, I have to point out that this is the first five-star review I have given on Rotten Tomatoes. It's my 43rd review on Rotten Tomatoes, and the first five-star one. Now, that's not to say I haven't seen any five-star films, in fact my favorite movies I'd give five stars to: The Hunger Games: Catching Fire, Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, and Finding Nemo to name a few. But since I review movies that I see in theaters, by release date, this is the first time I have given five stars to a movie since I started reviewing in 2014. With that out of the way, I can safely say that Dunkirk is magnificent. Not only is it the best film of 2017, it is the best film that Christopher Nolan has ever made. The movie follows three plot lines: land, sea, and air that all merge into a thrilling finale. But in reality, the whole movie is thrilling. The acting is superb, the practical effects are exquisite, the IMAX visuals are incredible, the score is unnerving and the pacing is perfect. The film never relents, and is an incredible theatrical experience in IMAX, and without. I connected to the characters, even though I didn't know half their names because I was shown what they were going through. There has never been a similar structure like the one in this movie. Nolan has truly crafted a masterpiece. I am pleasantly surprised to say that Dunkirk is one of the best war movies ever made, and (so far) the best movie of 2017.	5
I would say that Dunkirk was very well done but nowhere in the movie did I hear the Germans named, or Nazis or even Adolph Hitler name but we did hear Winston Churchill's speech about fighting on the beaches etc etc...It was a bit over board as the German army was held back by direct orders of Adolph Hitler. The German army raced across France in about 3 or 4 days and they were exhaused ..so Hitler stopped them short of Dunkirk ...also the Germans who fought in WW were afraid of a counter attack...but of course this did not happenbut there was over 300,000 military waiting on the beeches of Dunkirk and 30,000 got evacuated by all manner of English and French Boats. This movie would have been a good movie for some ~ I wished I would have passed up on this movie. It seems this summer Hollywood has not put out anything worthwhile..but that is just one person's opinion.	1
Yet another tremendous masterpiece from Nolan. This has to be experienced in Imax 70mm or you are doing the film a disservice. The constant dread, time ticking down and the real anxiety while watching this film was something else.	5
A great war movie about an interesting story, the retreat from the beaches of France back to England near the beginning of WWII. Very tense and extremely well-made.	4
Mindblowingly good. That is all that needs to be said.	5
I wasn't very familiar with, very appreciative that I was able to see this wonderful film.	5
The stressful atmosphere, the incredible sound and the stunning visual effects make dunkirk an entertaining and realistic masterpiece.	5
From a technical standpoint, Dunkirk is simply outstanding. But its script, which cuts back and forth between the troops on the ground and civilian boats in the sea and British fighter planes in the sky, does a marvelous job weaving these threads into cohesive whole.	4
Christopher Nolas is brilliant, as always. Hans Zimmer is brilliant, as always. Tom Hardy is brilliant, as always. This movie is an astonishing work of art which requires very few dialogues.	4
It was an Okay movie for me, I just felt I can't care for the characters as the development lacked pretty bad. It did look beautiful and sound effects were thunderous like the planes were in front of me.	3
Inweaving threads of action from the dimensions of land, sea and air spanning a week, a day and an hour respectively into an august finale of heroic triumph, Christopher Nolan is at his finest craftsmanship in the reenactment of the evacuation of British troops from a beach in the titular French commune.	4
Dunkirk is a visual and audio masterpiece. Nolan does it again on a very powerful subject matter.	3
A strong modern piece of historical spectacle. Made me realize why Nolan is an intense director in his IMAX-scaled films. Loved how it's melted with each cast's fully devoted effort through its character, yet depicting themselves as a true hero of the era. Vivid usage of thrilling sound effects, the astounding cinematography of its shots filmed underwater, above the sky and explosions earns its epic merit.	4
Nice movie, well done	4
Increible, me mantuvo en suspenso todo el tiempo. Fotogragia exquisita	4
With all the hype maybe my expectations were too high! Nolan showed flare in terms of the timeline. But this film is missing something, I don't know what but it just didn't deliver in the way I thought it would. If your expecting Saving Private Ryan give it a miss. If you expecting the Dambusters give it a go.	3
Cold, empty and shallow, Nolan gives us an uninspired mess in a style that can't make us care about the characters and the situations that transpire the screen. When the movie finishes it's run on the theaters, there may not be a movie to watch at all.	2
Very disappointed in this movie. Had waited weeks to finally see it. The film kept jumping around all over the place which became increasingly frustrating.	1
Brilliant movie. Instead of being a wham, bam, pow-type war film, it was more like a Saving Private Ryan, sober and dramatic. My family shed a few tears towards the end. Every kid should see this so they see what a community can do when necessary. This is right up there with Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan. Go see it. Take the entire family if you can.	5
One of the best films of the year by far	4
One of the best movies in the history of cinema. Monumental.	5
I liked the film, but found the constant changing aspect ratio quite jarring.	4
A great WWII movie with a great story! Dunkirk shows three perspectives of one event which really shows a lot! The cinematography is amazing and is a real thrill! It's very suspenseful and is always making you wonder what's going to happen next!	4
No story line, no in depth characters. Just war. I didn't get it. Super boring.	1
Awesome movie,,, the dialog was a little awkward though. The music was great but might be a little too loud in parts,,, I like the ticking clock and the unnerving scratch symphony but it started to become distracting and a little over done. Maybe it's just me though,,, I would recommend this to anyone, especially if you're looking for something to watch with your dad!	4
Come on. No character development, insipid dialogue, bad arithmetic (6 boats...400,000 troops standing in line). Terrible movie.	1
For a war movie, this was really good. The cinematography was really well done. The story was engaging and did really well with going through like 3 or 4 different stories going on simultaneously. Christopher Nolan is one of the best filmmakers alive in my opinion.	4
Sure wish there was a central narrator or reflective character like Tom Hanks in Private Ryan! Think about 2000 words were spoken by the cast in their entirety. Worth seeing and deciding for yourself. For me, flawed enough that it left me wanting.	2
One of Christopher Nolan's greatest movies! 11/10 must watch of 2017	5
I'm sorry but I have to disagree with the critics here. While a technical marvel with impressive effects and sound design, ultimately it has little writing to empathise with the characters we follow. You could remove the three sets of characters we follow and ultimately still have the same impact it had. While I'm glad to see the events of Dunkirk acknowledged worldwide with this blockbuster, I never felt attached to characters beyond man's inherent distaste to see people suffer. We never got to know the people whose perspective we follow, which isn't helped by Nolan's signature timeline tomfuckery. Long story short, its technical feats are mesmerizing and impressive, but there was next to no writing. This is especially egregious since he focused on fictional characters which had room to be fleshed out. I also found that having the only character shown to have PTSD/ shell shock to be guilty of killing a teenager falling down a set of stairs a wee bit demonising. Anyone who calls that good writing can suck a fat one.	2
Not the twists of usual Chris Nolan, but an epic slow developing war movie that shows the brutality.	4
one of the must watch historic movie	5
One of the best movies I've ever seen in my life!	5
Although this was an interesting depiction of what happened the movie lacked set up, background noise was too loud to understand what anyone was saying half the time, and you couldn't tell who any of the characters were in the show. despite some good audio the movie was just poorly done	2
A VERY GOOD FILM PLAYS WELL ON THE I MAX UNKNOWN HOW IT WILL PLAY ON SMALLER FLAT SCREENS	5
Sleek cinematography, compelling action shots and incredible score by Hans Zimmer. But the story was confusing in a non-linear fashion with very minimal character development. As far as war movies go, worth a look just for Christopher Nolan's unique style.	3
Hard to follow the plot with it's segmented timeline. Imagery and tone is very dreary and it gets old quick.	2
Masterfully directed, this movie is brilliant in every technical way (sound, score, photography, effects, design, editing, etc) but, although it has a good message and a great atmosphere, it lacks story and character development (or important characters at all). But it's still a fantastic movie, which only confirms that Christopher Nolan is one of the best directors the movie industry has ever seen.	4
Cinematic and moving. A decent war flick involving an event most Americans may not be aware of.	4
Ein Kriegsfilm ohne sichtbarem Feind. Beeindruckend gefilmt - sollte man mal gesehen haben.	4
Horribly stupid flying sequences; too few small boats shown--missing the main point of the entire episode!	1
I almost fell asleep a few times. It was more like a documentary than a movie and although the director had a unique approach on the film's flow and structure, it left me bored and confused.	2
Incredible, stunning, and suspenseful Dunkirk iturns out to be one of the best movies of the year.	4
It always strikes me that war cinema uses a common language to tell the story of battle. Whether it's an art noveau European film on the 1956 Hungarian Uprising or an episode of Game of Thrones in which a Lannister army is burned alive along a roadside by goddamn dragons, much of what we see has come before and builds on that precedent. It is imperative on the screenwriter and director to draw upon these archetypical experiences to create something new and original. Christopher Nolan does just that in Dunkirk - an artistically crafted war film that relies upon the boundaries of suspense and tension to unfold the drama of the Dunkirk evacuation. For a bit of a context, Dunkirk takes place during the dark, early days of WWII when the German blitzkrieg rode triumphant. In the Spring of 1940 the German Wehrmacht invaded France and the Low Countries. Britain responded by sending an expeditionary force to help defend France, much as it had done in the previous World War. However, the Germans brilliantly flanked around French defenses at the Maginot Line. The Wehrmacht encircled and destroyed French armies in rapid succession. The British were cut off, and decided the best option was to retreat across the English Channel. While the bulk of German forces made for Paris, several divisions were sent to encircle and destroy the British trying to evacuate at Dunkirk. Despite constant attacks from land, sea, and air, the British managed to evacuate several hundred thousand men with the help of hundreds of civilian boats and bring them home. The return of the British army helped deter any German invasion and would ultimately contribute to allied victory years later. The episode reached near mythological status in British culture.So leave it to one of the most obnoxiously English directors of all time to take on the task of retelling this story. Nolan has much in common with Quentin Tarantino in that they are the last directors who can write, direct, and produce their own films and still be given a significant budget from studios and receive little interference during the creative process. But more importantly, both Tarantino and Nolan make ample use of suspense and tension. They stretch out the tension in a scene like a rubber band - it will be pulled as a far as it can go, until it snaps - and we are left with deadly consequences. With this philosophy of screenwriting in mind, Dunkirk relies almost entirely on this device. Set pieces last several minutes, feeling sometimes like hours, but your attention remains glued to the screen with baited breath - dreading and anticipating the result. Much of the first 30 to 45 minutes contains little to no dialogue as we are introduced to three different sets of characters on land, sea, and air. We are shown but not told the dire situation. Dunkirk feels no need to hold the audience's hand or cater to short, modern attention spans. Heavy use of a minimalist, ambient score and smooth, but sharp cinematography and editing force the viewer to remain on the beach with stranded British infantrymen as they are strafed by Stuka dive bombers or as they attempt to board vulnerable transport ships and possibly drown in the attempt. It is a perfect example of "war as art" and as strange as that phrase sounds to most people, it really shouldn't be. American audiences are infamous for preferring straightforward, simple, and unpretentious war movies. (See American Sniper, Lone Survivor, and Hacksaw Ridge.) But I always preferred a bit of artistic flourish in my war films. How can you protray armed aggression and not dwell on the emotion involved or drift toward the abstract? There are limitations to that of course, but Dunkirk encompasses much of what I prefer in this genre. There's not much to be said of performances as this is not a performance based movie. The exception is Tom Hardy, as an RAF pilot who uses his Spitfire aircraft to absolutely wreck the Luftwaffe's shit, preventing them from bombing vulnerable transports during their crossing of the channel. He delivers several of the wow moments of the film, and was my personal favorite element. Though Kenneth Branagh and Mark Rylance give quotable moments that will stick with the viewer. Dunkirk is reasonably accurate and does a fine job of telling a story that more Americans need to learn. There are problems with the internal logic of the film regarding time and how some of the different stories come together, but in my opinion this is not a deal breaker.All in all, Dunkirk is a beautiful masterpiece of a film and represents original filmmaking at its finest. It was easily my favorite film of the summer and even if you don't end up agreeing, you have to admit that it's a unique experience. Few attempt to reach as high and fewer actually succeed.	4
Land. Sea. and Air. Dunkirk strikes with persistent tension, unabashed originality, and technical excellence. It's not only of the best war films ever made, it's also one of the best survival films ever made.	5
Really good, loads of action. I didn't drift off too much.	3
Excellent film that provides an excellent history lesson of heroism in the midst of the most of the incredible effort to escape Dunkirk & cross the English Channel!	5
Dunkirk is the latest movie by director Christopher Nolan.Lemme jump right into this.It was a spectacular looking movie. Pretty much what you would expect from a movie that was shot on 70mm film. It wasn't afraid to take the tone to it's full advantage considering the fact that it didn't focus entirely on characterization or story development for the sake of the intensity of battle scenes. Which is what I adored about it, it was brave.This can lead to some flaws though. Lack of characterization normally results in very little interest for the story line, causing it to be quite boring.Over all, Dunkirk was more of a way to show off Chris Nolan's sleek visual style rather than anything else, and I liked it a lot.	3
Magnificent movie. The first war movie that I personally have ever seen that didn't have blood, guts and flying limbs all over the place but still was able to drive home the intensity of the circumstances. That's a testament to Mr. Nolan's brilliance as a director	4
Nolan has done it again an extraordinary piece of film-making and it was captivating, brutal and wonderfully portrayed throughout.	4
Not a lot of talking in this movie.	3
This was well done overall, but I thought they focused too much on the war aspect with little developement of individual characters.	4
Top sound! I felt like I was in the battle! It was a real experience!	4
Accomplished but ultimately hollow tale of the less glorious side of war. Nolan's attempts to get tricky with the timeline yield one good twist, but ultimately just causes more confusion than anything else.	3
best picture of 2017. every aspect of this film was done beautifully. nolan proves that u can still b innovative and original in a genre. which carries plenty of cliches. nolan rises to the challenge and does it better than any r* rated war is hell film could. theres no other way to see this film other than in its intended format of 70mm imax. the sound hit me in the gut and the visuals had my head turning as the music added to the suspense which literally had me on the edge of my seat. nolan clarifies the theme of this years cinema experiences lies within the bravery found in our past.Nolan clearly made this for his fans. His fans typically are intelligent. Individuals who criticised this movie need to watch it again and perhaps in the proper format, which countless t.v. commercials and online articles kept trying to tell people to see it in. True Nolan fans got the message and enjoyed the film the first time. Which we are rewarded with the choice to see it again if we really want to or save our money and wait for the bluray release. The individuals criticising Dunkirk are first and foremost not intelligent because they are complaining that Nolan made an original film and tried something new. Im sorry but the film "lion" had limited dialog and got nominated for best picture but unintelligent movie watchers wouldnt know that because they are the people who give life to these constant sequels and remakes because they write reviews about how great these films are and let movies like baywatch have financial success. And dont even get me started on fate of the furious. if viewers were more intelligent Dunkirk would have opened with 100 million and fate of the furious would have tanked. I think Nolan made himself clear with his last two releases which didn't share the. boxoffice glory as the dark knight trilogy but made enough to establish interstellar and Dunkirk as successful hits. His last two releases dared to experiment and do something original and unexpected. If hes not going to push the envelope and do something outside the box then whats the point and what would separate Nolan from the rest? i think the best part about Dunkirk was that it was pg 13 but express the horrors of war better than most rated r ww2 film could ever depict by showing claustrophobia, helplessness, and the race against time to escape your impending fate. Mad max 4 barely had dialog but people loved it and it was nominated for best picture. 90 percent of communication is nonverbal and Nolan made that the theme in Dunkirk because in real life who has time to talk when time isnt on your side all you have time to do is react. This film will be the front runner for best picture and true INTELLIGENT Nolan fans will be satisfied. Just as after my showing of this film, which was in proper format, it was met with a huge standing ovation once the credits rolled. People a Nolan film is out, something fresh and new away from these super hero sequels. Stop expecting the same thing and support this film and for those complaining about the lack of dialog. Welcome yourself to a era of film and stop trying to force hollywood to make the same thing over and over again. i say the less talking in the movie the better. why not have a story that focuses on the timelines and not character development and why not get excited something new is out there.	5
While I feel Christopher Nolan is a bit overhyped and most of his movies are just good, the exception being the Dark Knight trilogy which is the best of his films and arguably some of the best films ever made, his latest movie Dunkirk actually proves itself to be a very well-made movie. From the opening of the movie, u immediately know you're in a visceral experience of a story of 400,000 men trying to get home from a World War II battle in Dunkirk. It's well-directed, well-shot and well-acted for a war movie that managed to get away with a lot of things for a PG-13 rating. Standouts for me were Harry Styles, Mark Rylance, Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh, and the boy who played George. And, while I have two or three nit picks about this movie, I will not let them prevent me from saying I really enjoyed this movie and it deserves many Oscar nominations, although, to be fair, it should win Best Picture and let Best Director go to Patty Jenkins, not to take anything away from Chris Nolan though, because this movie is good. Hey, I am being fair. Aren't I. Anyway, this movie is good and I guys really were right. This movie is rock solid entertainment. Also, the trailer for Justice League looks better on a big screen, especially an IMAX screen.	4
ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT!!! Though it depicts one of Britain's lowpoints during the war, it had excellent directing, One of my favourite films of all time	5
great film! Harry styles was really good in it :)	3
Utterly disappointing. The main obstacle with this film is the noise. It's so impossibly loud that you find yourself not concentrating on the film, but trying to cope with being waterboarded with sound. Obviously Nolan was trying to create a stressful experience that recreates the tension and stress experienced by the brave soldiers during the evacuation, but it simply did not work. No matter what was happening on the screen, be it an action scene, calmly pulling away from England in a boat or leisurely strolling along the beach, the music was the same. And by same, I mean spine shattering base, and constant thumping and screeching. It doesn't let up for one second. At one point I thought I had been kidnapped by the South Koreans and was being exposed to a very sophisticated form of torture. I found myself unable to immerse myself in the film, and even if I did there was a complete lack of story or character development. It was just 1hr 45mins of watching men doing things without really talking whilst being screamed at with sound. I left before the end and got a refund.	2
Dunkirk (ou "quantas vezes posso colocar 'quase afogamentos' num mesmo roteiro e tentar confundir o público com uma história que é basicamente simples).	4
A very good movie which captures the emotion and pressure of critical moments of the historical event. It looks and sounds stunning too. The timeframe Nolan uses is unnesscary and adds nothing to the movie. Overall I think the critics are going over the top in what is a good not brilliant movie. Its slow at times and a film you'd only want to see once. Don't rush to the cinema to see it but do watch it at some point.	3
At 106 minutes, this is Christopher Nolan's (the Batman trilogy, Inception, Intersellar) shortest film. But it's a great and concise one at that. The movie retells the Dunkirk evacuation through three perspectives; sea, land and air. The cast includes Tom Hardy as a pilot, Kenneth Branagh as a navy commander, and Mark Rylance as a mariner. Keep an eye for One Direction member Harry Styles, who plays one of the privates, along with Fionn Whitehead. (who is the guy in the movie poster) The cinematography is splendid and is what I feel is the highlight of the film, along with the script which shifts from perspective to perspective. Also worth praise is Hans Zimmer's score, which plays a main role of the movie (you'll also hear the ticking of Nolan's watch) as dialogue is limited in this film. Like "Arrival" before this, if you've come to expect an action movie, you'll be disappointed or bored, although there are indeed more war sequences in this film. If there's any issue with this movie, it's that there are a bit too many characters to keep up with. Go check this one out as it's one of the best films of the year so far. I expect it to get some nominations come awards season next year (2018 as of this review), including one for best cinematography.	4
The speciality of the movie is not the picture but the sound and score. Nolan as usual is a genius.	5
Absolutely wonderful movie.	4
Honestly, if it wasn't for that awful bass-boosted IMAX sound quality at the theater, then it would have been easier to grasp all of the tension and realism in the movie. But overall, compared to other works, this is frankly has to be one of those few Nolan's weaker film to be, but it was still good enough to grap my attention.	4
My husband made me go see this with him and I have to admit I really liked it. I'm a history nut so this was my type of movie, I really wanted to see it with my dad and son since they love history just as much as me. Sorry to say, but I think my husband was list as times. This is a must see movie, hoping it wins at 2018 academy awards.	5
Dunkirk - Lindo e esplendido, mas... O mais novo filme do grande visionário diretor e roteirista Christopher Nolan!. O Nolan aqui consegue fazer uma coisa que nos outros filmes dele, ele parecia ter algum tipo de problema, que é o controle do que ele quer fazer, aqui parece que ele tem total controle de sua obra e sabe oque quer fazer. O diretor sempre teve esse trabalho mais "pé no chão", mais real, visando sempre mais, a realidade. As explosões aqui são reais, fumaças, tiros, os mortos! entre outros detalhes simples, e esse filme em especifico é o mais real que eu vi dele. A direção do filme em quesitos mais técnicos como a direção de arte, fotografia, geografia da câmera, parecem ter dado um enorme pulo de qualidade. O filme tem a sua fotografia linda e agoniante em algumas cenas. O CGI é muito bem feito e aplicado, (se é que teve, porque eu não percebi nenhum) os "Chroma Keys" também são indistinguíveis, o jeito que ele trabalha a luz na cena, da um ar mais natural e real. A segunda parte mais importante do filme é a sua trilha sonora, novamente junto com o Nolan o seu amigo compositor Hanz Zimer faz um trabalho em sua trilha sonora excepcional (O que já é de costume), Sons de tambores, ponteiros de relógios, entre outros são usados para dar um clima de agonia e urgência. O terceiro ponto do filme é o roteiro, escrito pelo o Nolan, ele se desenvolve bem, mas o problema mesmo está na construção dos personagens, você entende oque ele quer passar sobre os personagens, mas ele não passa. Assim o filme fica sem emoção e você não se importa com os personagens, você não se importa com oque você esta vendo, é lindo de se ver, e gostoso de se ouvir, só não é o suficiente para deixar os olhos lacrimejados de emoção.Nota: 8.9	4
Fantastic! See this movie in 70mm IMAX if you can. Saw it at Colossus aka Cineplex Vaughan by Toronto, Canada and it was amazing and well worth the extra cost. I'm probably going to go see it again in IMAX before it leaves theaters and I almost never do that. Brilliantly done movie! ??????	5
The cinematography is amazing, great action scenes and special effects. However, I felt at times was a bit too much propagenda, slightly cheesy ending and altogether a bit too much of a "Hollywood" feel for it to be a genuine and authentic "Historical" movie. There are some good actors involved and some moving scenes, but ultimately the implausibility of parts of it let some of the moreGenuine and emotional moments down.	3
Cinematography alone makes this movie stunning, but add in a Hans Zimmer soundtrack... you've got gold. Incredibly gripping film.	5
Thrilling. It feels real.	5
A visually great film. With no actual leading actor the film features the events a few groups of men waiting to get off the beach, a family heading towards Dunkirk to rescue soldiers, and pilots fighting off Germans. If you don't like war movies you won't like this as its pretty graphic. Otherwise, you'll enjoy it.	4
Very well done. Dunkirk evacuation from many perspectives. Heroes they all were. I'm glad it wasn't showing all the blood and gore. We got that already.	5
A nice cinematography without the real feel of the action or the ww2 feeling	2
Great to see a war films that does not take a side especially when telling a story of such a well documented event. The casting was superb, the dialogue no more than what was needed allowing the viewer opportunity take in what is visually superb. As others have mentioned the timeline of the films does move around a bit but as this is a 12A you would think that those with the mental ability of a 12 year old should be able to follow it.	4
Filmed at the exact site of the 1940 evacuation on the shores of Dunkirk with barely any CGs, this film is cinematographically and viscerally outstanding, as expected of the director of Interstellar (Christopher Nolan). Despite the captivating picture, however, the overall flow of the story, divided into three sub-plots, is chaotically jumbled and, at times, incoherent. The storyline is as harrowing as the soundtrack.	2
Masterpiece WWII film. Told a tight and tense PG-13 story with an eclectic cast of newcomers and Rock Star talent. Planes, ships, and ground assault on a beach head. Absolutely wonderful and thrilling. Nolan is our generation's Speilburg.	5
WTF? Terrible script and directing. Good videography/cgi. I love a great war movie. This isn't one. Terrible. Actually left part way through- I couldn't wait for it to be over. I'm annoyed to think somewhere on some report I contributed to ticket sales for this movie. Awful.	1
Great movie. The story is already there. Nolan did a great job with this and the music gets your right into the movie.	5
This was a really great, and powerful movie. It sure kept me on the edge of my seat and convinced me in any war, anything but Navy.	4
I was so amazed by this film, just to have the smallest insight to what happened at Dunkirk was very moving and an amazing viewing experience. It felt very accurate versus the usual hollywood action film which brought a tension and emotion as if we were watching the real battle. A heart-wrenching but amazing watch!	5
Amazing, thrilling and never ending intensity with an extremely emotional ending. Dont go into this thinking its a realy action-packed war movie, it's an intense rescue and survival movie.	5
Good realistic portrayal, kept me interested til the end and worth seeing.	4
Christopher Nolan's retelling of the Dunkirk evacuation is, to be honest, less than epic coming in at under two hours long. But that isn't to say that the film is slight. Intertwining three separate but linked stories and jumping about the timeline so you see cause and effect from multiple viewpoints, Dunkirk brings alive a historical event where what should have been a catastrophic defeat is turned into a bittersweet almost victory.If there's a real problem with the movie it is that it is too short and could have done with another hour to flesh out the characters a bit more. As it is, we end up feeling more like interested bystanders than involved participants.	4
Amazingly powerful film that captures the horrors of war and the astounding sacrifices that people made to keep our island free	5
Pretty well done ...	4
Dunkirk. A film based on a extraordinary true story of 400,000 soldiers trapped on the French shores and waiting to be evacuated during the Second World War. After watching the premiere trailer for this film, I was pretty much excited based on four reasons. One, director, Christopher Nolan. Two, the casting choices. Three, music, Hans Zimmer. Four, plot, a true story. I know enough about the Second World War but the story of Dunkirk to be honest was all new to me, I wanted to learn more about it. It's one of the reasons I was excited to watch this film. The movie was spectacular! It's one of Christopher Nolan's best films to date for different reasons. What I like about Dunkirk is the impact of the film. It's not just a typical war film that relies on gore and blood to make it horrific. But it focuses on the phycological and the mental effect of war. The sheer suspense of survival and from time to time paranoia. The film doesn't have much dialogue understandably, but in doing so you sacrifice character development. Which is a shame because it didn't make me feel for any of the key characters that were involved. But it doesn't have the typical Hollywood cliche dialogues of "what are you going to do when you get home?". The films casting was chosen very well, even debutant Harry Styles was actually better than expected. Despite having limited dialogue he gave a lot of physical performance.The films story being told from three different perspectives was rather interesting. Those point of views were ground, air and sea but being shown in different times like one week, one day and one hour. It may bring in a sense of confusion in knowing what current time frame you're watching. But it didn't bother me too much. The film has a lot of suspense thanks to its incredible sound design and Hans Zimmer's climactic and slightly groundbreaking score. Give Hans Zimmer another Academy Award, he hasn't won it since his work on Disney's The Lion King in 1994; and missed out with Interstellar in 2014! The films running time of one hour and forty-six minutes is spot on, as it's not too nor too short. The film is non-stop action from start to finish. But the action was handled rather well, especially the dogfight scenes with the spitfire planes. Highly realistic, believable and you don't get the typical Hollywood explosions when the planes crash.This film has Academy Awards written all over it. From the likes of Best Music, Best Sound Design, Best Director, Best Film, Best Editing and Best Visual Effects. It's one of the best War films since Saving Private Ryan. I look forward to purchasing the Blu-Ray when it comes out.	5
An action & suspense filled war film with a morale boosting message of survival.	4
Halfway through the movie I did not care about the characters and was ready to leave. I'm not sure why it needed to be shot out of order.	2
One of the best films I have seen in a while. This is well made - great script, film direction, linking scenes, aerial photography, acting, integrated with an interesting soundtrack that helps to keep your interest up, and enhance the delivery of the real life events that had taken place in Dunkirk. If you have not seen it yet, you should. 10/10	5
Another Christopher Nolan film about what happened on the beaches of Dunkirk. I didnt know that was a place in France. The plot jumps constantly between scenes of the battle on the beach, sea, and air. At least it was better than deadpool. The soldiers and pilots all take on the germans and the music by Hand Zimmer gives it a chilling atomsphere. The scene where the soldiers running with the stretcher is one of the best moments with the music. It was an average war movie with no real basic plot and that what I feel it lacks. The action scenes were very fast paced and does not have long. This is like saving private ryan without the beach scene at the beginning. Overall it wasn't that bad.	3
This wonderful film is the quintessential military movie. It shows the whole story, instead of the cliche emotional "hidden story" and doesn't force any Hollywood standards. This is the first film I've seen in a long time that seems to be more about history than fitting into the standards of new film.	5
Nolan has graced us with yet another masterpiece in Cinema history	5
Historical cherry picking leaves out several critical aspect of the evacuation which makes this film little more than a series of beautifully captured shot.	2
Good movie. Feels very real and accurate. Definitely some tense thriller scenes.Downsides: for a movie, it's not that entirely interesting. Which is fine, I'd rather it be historically accurate than try too hard. But it is what it is.Worth watching, but not a must-see	3
(5.5 out of 6)When we see we must fight are away through the enemy, through the lack of resources, help, rations, and fellow soldiers when we are being picked off one by one like sitting ducks. When we see we must fight are way to the front to be the first to leave while others wait. When we see we must fight through the bad environmentalÃ,Â  conditions, conditions that present to us, and little we hang on to. When we see we must fight for shelter, fight to stay alive, fight to keep order, and fight to live another fight. When we see we must fight to save others, fight to regroup and plan the next step, fight our dark urges to abandon such a cause, and fight with anyone who is responsible for the way everything is. When we some wish not to fight and turn back, others face head on and do all what they can to fight and help. When we don't need to see what it's like in some war zone places to know what to expect when we have fought in our past and lost someone when fighting is in our family. When we see what we need to do to fight back to give others a fighting chance. When we see we must not fight ourselves in what we are about to do when it's our obligation to fight for what's right no matter what. When we see fighting is what we instructed to do to do it to the vary end. When we might not like what we see and fight against we only see we fight for one side, the good righteous side. When we need to see everywhere and everything when we are fighting against what is broken, what can go wrong, what little we have to work with, what little decisions making and time we have left before more lives are taken. When we see we must fight in all angles from above and below, at home and in foreign places until we get news and commands to stop. When we see we fight against our own thoughts and disceptions when we see our fight lost and we are running. When we see we must fight against everything at once, and braise for anything more to expect to fight against next when there is not much to do but wait till we are home. When we see that home fights for you to come home as you fought to make our home safe when we are all fighting the same fight. When we see all we can think about is fighting when death makes look for a fighting chance to look for exits, doors to comfort, warmth, rations and safety. When we see that we must fight through all the cloud of uncertainty, and fight to see the day of light, when we hate seeing and being trapped that we only wish to fight to stay alive. When we see we must fight our fears and keep our mind & heart strong when we fight the enemy not ourselves being the enemy. When we see there is no hope in fighting, and thete is hope in fighting for others when help comes our way. When we don't always get to see the faces whom fight for us and save our lives when we owe a great debt in their honour for fighting the way they fought and gave time back to those who returned home. When we see that's all we are meant to do, fight for our country to see it to the vary end, whatever time that maybe, when we see some responsibilities even further then what others could see us doing that makes our fight even worth more important and empowering to know we have strong fighters in the front. When we see our purpose is to fight to win, never surrender, never lose sight in what we are fighting for. When we see we try to fight to make some sense of everything, but don't need to see but hear all that hear and not take it for granted when we fight to make this world a home for all to live in peace.	4
it pains me, a big Nolan fan, to say that this movie is decent but disappointing. A gorgeous and technically sound film, it left me rather empty and unmoved. I have no issue with the non-linear storytelling, though the three parts didn't converge well or interestingly enough. ultimately, I was occasionally moved by the imagery, but not by the characters, plot, or the conclusion.	3
Christopher Nolan has done it again and this just might be his best looking film to date.	4
I guess if you're a Brit, you'll like this movie more, but it didn't have the emotional resonance of the best war movies (e.g., Tom Hanks going, "Earn this," at the end of Saving Private Ryan). Nolan just took Paul Greengrass's United 93 template (a much more devastating film), added some Memento time shifts, and out came Dunkirk. Good but not great.	4
Tells us nothing about Dunkirk that we didn't already know. Ships were sunk. Planes were shot down. People died. Others were saved by civilians in small boats. It's Atonement without the story, populated by two-dimensional characters about whom we never discover enough to care about them for any reason other than they are brave Englishmen fighting the Nazis. There is zero character development, just a series of scenes of peril, bathed in bucketloads of jingoistic and simplistic cliches, adding nothing whatsoever to an already overcrowded genre, a massively predictable yawn from start to finish.	1
the characters were way under developed. the little action there was felt like it was leading up to something bigger but it never happened. the allies lost 25% of civilian ships during the evacuation but we don't see much action at all. and what about the French troops that held the city long enough for everyone to get out. wish we could have gotten some of that side because if it weren't for them the allies would have lost almost everyone.lack luster. Nolan did way better with Batman and memento.	2
Quite an experience seeing this on 15/70 mm IMAX at the Waterloo BFI IMAX screen in London. Really beautifully shot and choreographed survival / rescue war flick. The score was superb with the amazing Hanz Zimmer (who also teamed up with Nolan on 'A Dark Knight' to similar great effect. The stop watch rhythm carried the tense narrative of many scenes, overlapping the timeline from different perspectives bringing it all together in the end, and hearing Churchills rousing speech to parliament through the reading of a newspaper by one of the returning soldiers brought a fitting conclusion. Bravo!	4
Expected a Saving Private Ryan experience and got nothing even close!!	2
whant must be laddies	3
Excellent movie totally awesome	5
suspenseful. thrilling. dramatic. intense. sad. crazy. beautiful.	4
Great film. Stunning music. Heroes no matter the outcome.	5
Great depiction for a well made documentary film...movie meh.It was so noisy in second half of movie I had to plug my ears...i've been to NASCAR races less noisy. last movie that hurt that much was a Harry Potter movie which I enjoyed more.Christopher Nolan is an excellent director. He could of hired a screenwriter?! No character development or any sense of a central plot besides guys standing on beach get shot at...	3
Good movie but the out of order story telling gets very confusing.	3
Definitely one of the better war films made yet, maybe Christopher Nolan's best work.	4
SCOTT: (Dr. Scott Allison, Professor of Psychology, University of Richmond) Greg, we just witnessed a brilliant cinematic depiction of war heroism at its finest.GREG: (Greg Smith, Founder of Agile Writers of Richmond, VA) Dunkirk is an amazing achievement for Christopher Nolan. Let s recap.SCOTT: We meet a young British soldier named Tommy (Fionn Whitehead) who narrowly escapes with his life while being shot at by German soldiers on the streets of Dunkirk. Tommy flees to the beach where thousands of British and French soldiers are waiting to be evacuated. He meets another soldier named Gibson who apparently has buried a friend on the beach. The two men encounter a wounded man and carry him to an evacuation ship. Meanwhile back in Britain, Mr. Dawson (Mark Rylance) and his sons Peter (Tom Glynn-Carney) and George (Barry Keoghan) take their private boat through the English channel to help with the evacuation.GREG: We re treated to four points of view (POV): young soldier Tommy trying to escape, Mr. Dawson coming to the rescue, flying ace Farrier (Tom Hardy) guarding the shore, and Commander Bolton (Kenneth Branagh) supervising the evacuation. It s a great structure that tells one of the lesser-known stories of WWII, at least for Americans.SCOTT: You re right, Greg. I was woefully ignorant of the story behind this heroic evacuation. Apparently Hitler made a huge mistake by not aggressively attacking the evacuees, and we can all be grateful for his blunder. Dunkirk is an extremely well-crafted film. It skillfully weaves together three stories about different characters whose lives converge at the end. This is a war movie and so there is plenty of death, but director Christopher Nolan wisely chooses not to make gore the star of this film. The star is valor, and it is on full display from minute-one until the closing credits. Nolan also makes great use of the less is more principle in filmmaking. There are long and excruciatingly tense scenes with little or no dialogue. The fear is palpable. But so is the heroic drive in these characters to act in spite of the fear.GREG: LIke many of our readers, I ve seen a lot of war movies. But I ve never watched a movie that made me feel the emotion of desperation that Dunkirk evokes. I never understood just how personal the war was. Britons of all ages felt that their way of life and their very lives were at stake. There are different levels of heroism in this film. There s the heroism of the young men just trying to survive long enough to get on a boat. Then there s the heroism of the commander overseeing the evacuation, then volunteering to stay behind to oversee the evacuation of the French. And we see the heroism of civilians going to sea to rescue the soldiers. And finally, the heroism of a pilot who lets his tanks run dry protecting the men trying to get away. He martyrs himself in the service of others.SCOTT: Joseph Campbell s hero s journey is only on partial display here, but in no way does this limitation detract from this film s excellence. Campbell discusses the low-point, the nadir of the hero s journey, as the belly of the whale the point in the journey when all appears to be lost for the hero and death seems imminent. Dunkirk is a film that shows in vivid detail what the belly of the whale is like for the hero, and it is hell indeed. This is the epicenter of the hero s transformation either the hero musters up the courage and grit to thwart death, or the hero succumbs. Dunkirk shows us both these polar opposite outcomes. Young George is one of our heroes who dies in the process of saving British soldiers. In no way is he any less of a hero for dying; in fact, by making this ultimate sacrifice he solidifies his heroism to an extreme, thus illustrating that heroes need not complete the Campbellian journey to secure their status of hero. Tommy, our main hero, does survive the whale s belly. Will he become as shell-shocked as the soldier that Mr. Dawson rescued at sea? We don t know. But the post-heroic transformation toward PTSD is a tragic one that sadly afflicts millions of people.GREG: One of the things that this movie (and another the comes to mind, Warhorse) exemplifies is that not every compelling story is a Hero s Journey. Surely each of these POV characters is heroic. But the story structure doesn t follow the classic rise and fall we ve come to expect from our movies. There are elements of the Hero s Journey (Tommy returning to the ordinary world of England, eg). But the transformation of the hero or those around him is not necessary for a compelling story. This is one of those rare occasions where the enormity of the event is enough to move the viewer into an emotional state that makes the event memorable. SCOTT: Dunkirk is a superb film that brilliantly captures the agonizing unacceptability of war. Yet it does so in a tasteful and aesthetically dexterous way. Christopher Nolan deserves Oscar consideration for weaving together three disparate stories of stellar heroism. I daresay that Dunkirk is one of the best films of 2017, showcasing the best of human virtue and valor. I have been torn between awarding 4 versus 5 Reels, but after some consideration, I m going with the full 5 Reels out of 5 here. The heroism, as we ve said, is unparalleled and hyper-inspirational. I was struck by the heroism of civilians who took action when it was not required of them as it was of the soldiers. Ordinary people like Mr. Dawson who step up to do the right thing are especially admirable and elevating. Most of the heroism on display here occurs during a tiny sliver of the hero s journey, the belly of the whale, and this is indeed where the heroic rubber meets the road. Director Christopher Nolan deserves huge kudos for portraying the whale s belly in riveting, exemplary fashion. The heroism here merits the full 5 Hero points out of 5. Regarding transformation, we are witness to instantaneous transformations in the moment of severe crisis, as when heroes must respond immediately to U-boat bombs pummeling ships and bullets piercing a boat s hull. These spontaneous transformative heroic acts are marvelous to behold. Much less marvelous is the post-heroic transformation toward PTSD that we witness from Mr. Dawson s first evacuee. We can t overlook the unsavory aftermath of an especially punishing hero s journey. Overall, I award this film 4 transformative Deltas out of 5. Movie: Transformation: Heroes:GREG: Few films have displayed heroism as well as Dunkirk. The story is told with amazing technical acuity. I didn t know the story of Dunkirk before entering the theater, but it is forever etched in my mind. The very purpose of storytelling is to share our values and history with each other - to deliver the messages of our past to those of the future. Dunkirk does this with surprising power. I give it a full 5 out of 5 Reels. Heroism comes in many forms. We re witness to heroism in great sacrifice (as in the case of the Spitfire pilot) down to small acts of kindness (as when the young man lies to the shell-shocked soldier as to the death of young George.) I give 5 out of 5 Heroes to Dunkirk. I don t think this movie was about transformation as much as it was about sacrifice. We do see some transformations - but they are incidental to the story. Everyone in the movie was already giving all they had to give. I would say that they all had already undergone their transformations to get to the point of desperation they experienced on the shores of Dunkirk. While I award only 3 out of 5 Deltas, it in no way diminishes the power of Nolan s work. Movie: Transformation: Heroes:	5
Unnecessarily complicated. Still enjoyed it though. Ranks somewhere in the middle of his work.	4
Wonder Woman is overrated. Act one and two are fantastic. Chris Pines is great, but Gal Gadot was even better. The cinematography is also great. However, the third act was terrible compared to the other two acts. The end battle was really hard to watch. It is really bad. Other than that, I have no problem with it. If the third act was as good as the other acts, it could be one of the best movies of the year.	4
really loved the film. funny scene with diane in London and trying to understand things from Steve Trevor. great movie	5
I wanted to like it! Just lost my attention, very boring ??	2
Dumb plot, poorly written and acted. How does this movie have a good rating?	1
highly overrated captain america clone. give it a miss	1
fun superhero movie with great action scenes. a really great showcase of what wonder woman can do. i really love the character. a good origin story. beastly music as usual from the DCEU movies (2 viewings)	3
Uninspired, uninteresting.	1
Greatest DC Universe film ever!!	5
I'm really confused why everyone likes this movie. The dialogue was full of incredibly cliche superhero lines. I like that they were displaying a strong female character, but that alone does not make the movie good.	2
There's a sense of weirdness but overall well executed...	3
Going into Wonder Woman, I was hesitant. I had already watched the crash and burn of Batman V Superman and Suicide Squad, so despite the glowing reviews I decided not to get my hopes up. And sitting through all 2 hours and 21 minutes I realized that DC had finally gotten their act together. From the opening of the movie you were able to feel a different tone than the typical superhero movie we've all grown unfortunately bored with. The beginning of the movie takes the time to develop Diana's character, which DC has been known to skim over in the past. Gal Gadot's portrayal of Wonder Woman in this film is nearly flawless, and I mean it when I say it. Gadot really wowed me with her performance in this film and and I'm happy to say that I was wrong. Gadot has always been a talented actress but her films left a bit to be desired. Her work in the Fast and Furious franchise was decent but she was given very little room to do any real acting. Because of this there was a little bit of backlash when it was announced that Gadot would be playing Wonder Woman and by giving a fantastic performance she showed all the doubters that they were wrong. Speaking of fantastic performances, Chris Pine delivers one as well. As Steve Trevor, Pine thoroughly entertains us throughout the whole movie as a funny and charming U.S Army Air Force Pilot. I believe what really makes this film work is the chemistry between the two leads Gadot and Pine. These two work together fantastically and you root for them so much because of it. If it had not been for the wonderful portrayal of these characters by Pine and Gadot, this film would not have been so strong. They play off of each other really well and you can really believe the connection between the two. Now, I did really enjoy this movie, but it is not without its flaws and cliches. My biggest issue was, without getting into spoilers, the ending battle. The final battle between Wonder Woman and the antagonist, which I will not reveal, is pretty well worn territory. It was a typical superhero fight scene that went on for a bit too long. The reveal of the villain was also a bit over the top which didn't bother me too much, but I can definitely see it bothering some. Another problem I had was the runtime, a bit too long. I was never really bored during it, but there were a few times that I felt a little bit of dragging. It seems like nowadays superhero movies have to run about two and a half hours, which in most cases is too long. Now let's see how this film ranks against the other superhero movies of this year. Is it better that Spiderman: Homecoming? Definitely, Spiderman: Homecoming was good but it doesn't nearly compare the the original Spiderman and Spider Man 2 directed by Sam Raimi, it also was slightly irritating to see a 2nd Spiderman reboot in the last 10 years. Is it better than Guardians of the Galaxy? I would say that they're neck and neck. Guardians 2 had stronger emotional elements that really hit hard and I think that I would prefer Guardians 2. Is Wonder Woman better than Logan? Definitely not. While Wonder Woman was one of the best superhero movies of the decade, Logan could possibly be the best superhero movie of all time, but both of them are very different films. In conclusion this is a very fun and well crafted film, that is sure to entertain just about anyone who watches it despite some minor flaws. This is currently my #12th favorite film of the year and with a rewatch, it may place even higher.FINAL SCORE 8.8/10For more reviews and ratings check out my Instagram @big_screen_addicted_	4
A very beautiful movie. Just caught your eyes tightly.	4
A powerful performance by the dynamic due of Chris Pine and Gal Gadot results in a masterful masterpiece.	4
Solid concept, incredible set designs, consistent acting especially by Chris Pine and the smart and stunning Gal Gadot, but messy unfocused script, and some truly heroic set designers who worked tremendously hard to make that script come to life, but sadly it meandered overall and didn't have much to say.The most irritating part of the script was the disconnect of this Wonder Woman being strongly naive and idealistic, yet no one enlightens her to reality. At the time of its release, in the political climate of the time, it glaringly displayed a strong personality without a clue. A travesty for any hero. I'm a huge Lynda Carter fan from the 70s comic book style tv program, and this hodge podge movie only reinforced the clarity, brevity, fun and zeal of the tv show. A dull script that leaves an overall beautiful and yet inconsequential movie that missed the mark.3 out of 5 deflected bullets	3
Wonder Woman ROCKS!!!	4
Ever since hearing the news that Gal Gadot was one of the contenders of portraying Wonder Woman in BatmanVSuperman, I rooted for her to get the part, and when she did and showed herself on full costume, I was astonished and in awe. Now, after watching her solo film, she shines beautifully. While the villain for me is a bit underwhelming in terms of costume and character development, Wonder Woman successfully builds its legs for the DC Extended Universe to be fully realized in their upcoming films.	3
Fair film - nothing original but quite entertaining	3
Wonder woman is the best movie of the DCEU. I really enjoyed it. The tone, the action, the visual effects, everything was great. I'm eagerly looking forward to the sequel.	5
Fantastic effort! All the other DC titles have a lot to live up to now	4
So I really wanted to love this movie. It had great reviews and I'm so desperate to see another great super hero movies... And maybe if I'd seen this movie 15 years ago I would have thought it was. But I guess ice just seemingly seen the same super hero movie a hundreds times over the last 15 years. And they all seem to blend into basically the same average movie. Both the good ones and the bad ones. Is Wonder Woman an excellent roll model for young girls? Probably. Is this a feminist movie? No. Does the central protagonist preach peace and love, yet employ superbly glorified violence to meet the end? Yes. Will I watch another average super hero movie? Probably.	3
Me and the wife loved this and will be looking for the sequel.	5
This is the best movie I have ever seen. Not just a DCEU movie. Not just a comic book movie. EVER! This movie beats anything Marvel ever made. It gives us a powerful message for women, girls, and people in general. Lots of thanks to Patty Jenkins and Gal Gadot.	5
Best offering D.C. has put out since The Dark Night. Will she be enough to save Justice League? We shall see...	4
My Favourite Superhero movie since The Dark Knight Rises	5
Wonder Woman: Dc's best adaptation since the dark knight. But what makes this film shine is Gal Gadot's preformance as wonder woman and the heart and pressence of the film. Even if has its flaws and plot points.	3
The characters were brilliantly written, and the storyline was great. The CGI was fantastic as well, the whole movie was very entertaining	4
Feels like Captain America: TFA Being Retold.	2
Brilliant film from start to end with an exceptional cast. Gal Gadot is tremendous and hopefully DC can match this with future films. A must see!	5
After seeing DC/Time Warner foul up their other comic book hero franchises, I was pleasantly surprised by WONDER WOMAN. The characters were updated and made more adult without sacrificing the continuity that has made them popular since the 1940s. Certainly moving the action from WWII to the First World War will offend purists, but it didn't alter the essential elements of the Amazing Amazon's story line. My only criticism is with Hollywood's conceit that superheroes' costumes have to look so dingy - they're comic book characters, after all.	4
Male or female, if you're not in love with Gal Gadot after watching this movie, you're dead inside.	5
Wonder woman film is so good at actions and the story.	5
Great film with a new appreciation for Wonder Woman. Didn't need the depiction of Diana sleeping with Steve though!!	4
Just a really good movie	4
Its good, cheesy at times and average at times	3
Felt a little dragged out in the middle but in the end it was brilliant	4
Beautiful cinematography, great dialogue, thought-provoking about humanity, great soundtracks, appropriate (i'm looking at your recent movies, Marvel) and doesn't fall to the cheap trick of putting down one gender to bolster the other, it's (probably) the first and best superhero movie that women can proudly relate, and DCEU fans as a whole.	5
Wonder Woman is everything the critics and reviews said but so much more. Patty Jenkins has created an electrifying, original masterpiece that would forever go down among the greatest in the superhero genre with its captivating visuals, beautiful score, and brilliant cinematography. The film combines humor, drama, and romance in an effective way. I must add my amazement at the choreography of the fight scenes which were absolutely mind-blowing especially when the Amazons charged into battle on the horses; that scene was like something out of The Lord of The Rings. Gal Gadot did an incredible job bringing Diana to life; alongside her strength, she gave her a vulnerability that made it effortless to connect with her. And not enough accolades can go to Chris Pine for his performance as Steve Trevor. Overall the film is an unforgettable experience and I can't wait for Jenkins to return with a sequel.	4
Not what I expected, but fun if not a tad over the top.	3
Absolutely amazing. One of the best comic book movies since the original Superman.	4
***KICK-ASS SUPERHERO FIGHTS FOR WHAT SHE BELIEVES IN (L~O~V~E)***	3
I think it's a good movie but I personally didn't really feel too attached and connected to the story. Considering I'm not that huge of a fan of women and lead roles and historical films, it does a great job of keeping me interested with its unique plot and fantastic representation of wonder women by Gak Gadot. Very comparable to Captain America's origin where I like the character but am bored by the setting and world. Nothing wrong with the movie, its a good movie, just not my preference.	3
This review contains spoilers for the 2017 film, Wonder Woman.After debuting in comics 76 years ago, DC Comic's iconic heroine, Wonder Woman, finally gets her solo featured film. There was a reason for concern, however, as history has not been good for superheroes films with a female lead. With films such as Elektra and Catwoman, they have underperformed at the box office and the heroes failed to inspire. The same can also be said of the recent films from the DC Entertainment Universe (DCEU) (Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, Suicide Squad, and Man of Steel). With the films generally regarded as disappointing with uninspiring heroes, the DCEU needed Wonder Woman to be a hero in more ways than one. I'm extremely happy to say that Wonder Woman is the film that will turn the corner for the DCEU to bring that sense of hope and optimism to its heroes and provide the spark needed to let studios know that superhero films with a female lead can be successful. Wonder Woman is a film that contains plenty of heart and heroism to inspire women, men, and children alike.Directed by Patty Jenkins (Monster) and starring Gal Gadot (The Fast and the Furious), Wonder Woman is an origin story about Diana, Princess of the Amazons. They reside on the island of Themyscira, also known as Paradise Island, a majestic island of women created by the Gods (as told through an amazing animated sequence where the painting comes to life), which has gorgeous waterfalls, lush foliage, beautiful architecture and is just heavenly to look at. When an American spy, Steve Trevor, crashes down into waters near the island, he informs the Amazons that there is a war raging outside of Themyscira. It is a war to end all wars and Diana believes that the God of War, Ares is behind it, and she vows to put an end to it.Written by Allan Heinberg with contributions from Geoff Johns, Jason Fuchs, and Zack Snyder, they manage to deliver a story of a hero that can inspire others (which is something sorely missing from the previous DCEU entries). Diana is the hero we need, for the DCEU and for the audience to look up to during our troubled times in the real world. She is a hero of love and kindness who believes humanity is worth saving. She wants to make the world a better place and will fight to end wars and help those in need. Patty Jenkins and company really knocked it out of the park in bringing this heroine to the big screen.When it came time for the battle between the Amazons and the German forces who have followed Steve Trevor, I was not ready for what Patty Jenkins would deliver here. Patty directs this battle with wondrous grace and beauty. Despite seeing glimpses of the battle in the first trailer (the only trailer I watched out of the 20 or so released), I realized the trailer did not do this scene justice. The battle was absolutely remarkable. When the Amazons came down to fight, their style of fighting, in contrast to the men with firearms, was graceful and a beauty to behold. The women swung down on ropes and spun around in the air as if they were in Cirque du Soleil. There was so much happening I felt if I blinked, I was going to miss something. Robin Wright (Princess Bride) as General Antiope was just awesome, as she flipped and twirled about in battle while incredibly shooting three arrows at one time. I truly wish we could have spent more time with her and the Amazons. Kudos to Jenkins direction here as the fighting style of the Amazons was just a joy to watch.If there is one scene that the audience will remember from this film, it will be Diana's entrance into No Mans Land. Before Diana's arrival to No Man's Land, where the Germans and Brits have been unable to advance for a year, she is exposed to the horrors of war as she passes by the mistreatment of animals and people either injured or fatally wounded from the war. Diana wants to stop and help them but is continuously told that there is no time and she cannot save everyone. Eventually, Diana cannot take anymore and can no longer sit idly by and allow such suffering. Steve tells her "there is nothing we can do", but she's had enough. "You're right," she says. "But it's what I am going to do." Diana removes her cloak, revealing her armor, and slowly climbs the ladder out of the trench. She steps onto the battlefield as a shining beacon of hope through the gray and slowly makes her way across, continuously deflecting man's gunfire with her wrists shot after shot, and charges forward until she eventually makes her stand with her shield taking all the fire. Steve Trevor is inspired and yells at the men to follow. The way Patty Jenkins captures the moment, along with the impeccably timed score by Rupert Gregson-Williams is emotionally epic. The very sight of this woman, this compassionate hero, making her appearance alone on the battlefield to fight for the people in the small village who cannot, and inspiring the men to follow her is powerful, moving, and I bit my lip hard as I began fighting back the tears. This is Wonder Woman, and this is one of the best scenes in superhero film history.We only got to spend a brief time with Gal Gadot as Diana in Batman v Superman, in which she was the highlight of, and for the most part I am only familiar with Gal's acting as a co-star in the Fast and Furious films, so this film was a true test to see how Gal would perform as the Amazon Princess and as a lead in a big blockbuster film. Quite frankly, Gal was amazing. She really surprised me with the range she displays in this film. She pulls off her comedic bits wonderfully, such as Diana's moments in London where we see her turn to mush over the sight of a baby and later getting a delicious taste of ice cream which both brought a big smile to my face. Gal handles all this in charming fashion. In contrast to this emotion, when a village Diana had previously liberated is hit with gas, she arrives to find them dead. The pain this compassionate hero feels is heart-wrenching, and this along with the confusion of how something this awful could happen are on full display on Gal's face. Lastly, when Diana hears in a meeting room that the military is willing to send soldiers to their deaths while the British general sits comfortably in his chair, she is enraged and scolds him, letting him know that a good general would fight alongside his men. Gal was able to deliver this brilliantly with heart and strength and made me want to raise my fist in the air.Gal and Chris Pine are charming as the two leads and the time spent with them was a joy. As Diana and Steve made their way to London in a small boat, there were some great comedic moments that occur such as Diana revealing to Steve that she is the daughter of Zeus (which is "neat"), a talk of . . . pleasure on Themyscira, and the two banter about where one should sleep. It is a fantastic scene that Gal and Chris apparently ad-libbed. Thanks to a wonderful script by Allan Heinberg, Patti's direction, and a great chemistry between the Gal and Chris, the romance that develops between Diana and Steve is one of the best in the superhero genre. Their romance is not forced, but one that develops through respect and admiration of one another.Everything was going so well with this film. The pace was great, the action was stylish and dramatic, the comedic moments hit so well and Diana's arc was very well done. Then the final 20 minutes arrive and the ending comes down to a CGI battle between her and Ares. Having to include some big computer-generated battle tends to be a common thing in the superhero films, good or bad, and here it would have benefitted from not having it. For example, when Diana kills General Ludendorff (Danny Huston), and she finds he is not Ares, it would have been better if it came down to how Diana struggles with Ares not being real and whether or not humanity is truly good or bad and worth saving. Luckily the end battle is not enough to ruin the film as it is interlaced with a touching moment between Diana and Steve, where she comes to the realization through love and sacrifice, humanity is worth saving, despite our flaws, and this ignites her godlike powers within to unleash upon Ares and defeat him.I absolutely loved this film. Sure it takes a bit of a tumble in the last 20 minutes with the typical superhero CGI battle, but the rest of the film is 5-star territory for me. Patty Jenkins directed the hell out of this origin story and Rupert Gregson-Williams' soaring score with pounding drums at all the right moments help make this a truly epic experience. Diana is an inspiring compassionate hero and it's incredible that Jenkins and company captured her heroic heart so well. Other superhero films have their heroic acts such as Spider-man saving the subway train from falling off the tracks in Spider-man 2, the Avengers helping the civilians during the battle in NYC, and of course Superman (Christopher Reeves) saving Lois in the helicopter in his first film, but none has hit me more emotionally than Diana's actions in the No Man's Land scene. Full of heart and heroism, Wonder Woman is one of the best superhero films out there and is an inspiration to everyone.	4
ONE THE BESTMOVIE WONDER WOMENS EVER MADE SO FAR	4
"Wonder Woman".Wow! Just Pure Wow! :OThis Is The Second DC Movie That I Rate A Perfect 10 out of 10 :) The First One Was "The Dark Knight", Agree? :D.Anyways, the first half of the film was filled with storytelling and it build up the characters very well. The second half was filled with action spectacle, the movie itself has humor, it has moral value, it has everything that you need in a "Wonder Woman" movie....I won't spoil the whole movie, you just have to see for yourself... :)	5
Best DCEU film yet. Third act was weak and the villains were both incredibly cheesy but it didn't even matter. Gal crushed it. Can't wait to see what the director does with a sequel.	4
A really entertaining action adventure!	5
I really love this movie. The acting is very good. The action is well directed. The mythos of the film is fascinating (yeah it's not 'faithful' to greek mythology, but I mean come on guys) The story gets a bit uneven in the third act, but all around this is one of my personal favorites for superhero films.	5
Visually pleasing and heartfelt. Wonder Woman gives an ever-needed pulse to the DC franchise.	4
wonder woman has great action and a good story line one good DC movie in a long time.	5
Definitely one of the best superhero movies. It has a great plot, moving, empowering, funny and very entertaining.	5
One of the best action adventure movies of the year, even though the ending twist gives little if not no surprise.	5
Wonder Woman has action, heroics and heart. Patty Jenkins gives us an adventure tale full of palpable emotion. Wonder Woman is balanced with humor that never interferes with the action or emotionally heavy scenes. Chris Pine and Gal Gadot shine in their respective roles making the audience care about the people on the big screen. Gal Gadot IS Wonder Woman and the world is now forever a better place.	4
As a superhero movie, Wonder Woman is fine. It's also a nice change of pace to have a female lead. Thing is: I wonder why Diana, who was trained in so much military stuff, had trouble figuring out how to do spy stuff with Steve. Do Amazons not get any stealth combat training or what? Anyway, the plot felt a little too formulaic and the final act felt rather rushed.	3
By far the best Dc cinematic universe movie yet	4
Justice to DCs most compelling hero.	5
An average superhero film bolstered by its two leads dynamic chemistry.3.5/5 stars	3
Enjoyable, funny in places but thoughtful and much more engaging than the other DC movies right up to the final fight; a large portion of that confrontation felt like a repeat of MoS/BvS but the breaks did make it more interesting. It'll be interesting to see where they go next.	4
A movie you ask yourself: are the vibrant action scenes, stellar soundtrack, and charismatic male lead enough to balance his wooden female counterpart, predictable plot, and a villain that had as much impact as a piece of bread? In this case, yes - but not by much.	3
This is one of the best movies this year so far, and the best DC movie ever.I knew Wonder Woman was going to be good. There was just too much good press, too many great reviews and too many of my friends that were gushing. I was ready to be disappointed because almost anything couldn't live up to that hype, but it did.Gal Gadot is a wonderful actress. She really came across as someone who was engaged in a childhood quest and learned the realities of life that make those quests never what they were supposed to be. She did action very well, just more proof that women and action movies should be together. She carried great humor, and just overall sold that role.I have a love-hate-hate relationship with DC. I did like all the Batman's, I liked the original superman (RIP Christopher Reeves), and I think Ben Affleck did really well as Batman in the most recent Batman V Superman. However lately the DC movies have just sucked, and sucked hard. I did have a bit of a fun time with Suicide Squad, but I did not enjoy Batman V Superman at all. In fact I was worried before the movie came out that Ms. Godot would have sucked. However, this movie has shown that Zack Snyder did her a disservice (and the fans as well) when he didn't focus on her more in that movie. She might have saved that movie.Oh, and I didn't mention Man of Steel, that is because both the movie and the actor are in the worst list of DC movies (which rank lower than other super hero movies, so it makes it pretty low).One more point, Patty Jenkins was an awesome director. I suspect most if not all of the reason this movie was greatThe good: Everything about this movie is good, the action, the acting, the director, all of it.The bad: The feeling I am going to have when I go back to the next DC movie that isn't Patty Jenkins or Gal Godot.	5
Beginning was quite boring but pick up as the film went on.	4
Awful. Pretentious and insulting. I want my 2.2 hours back.	1
Gal Godot is a beautiful and fierce Wonder Woman, and certainly did Lynda Carter proud, however something is amiss. The fight scenes were brilliantly choreographed, yet the story deserved much more substance. It was a good piece of escapism but drag on and was flat at times.	3
I assume this is the beginning of many to follow. It is not excellent but his is essential to tell the origin of the Wonder Woman. Graphic was good but Chris Pine was a hit and miss sometime. They should be a little bit more careful with casting. Big name doesn't mean they are perfect for the role.	3
The main message I took from this is that Germans are evil.	2
The movie "Wonder Woman" delivered the less dark side of the DCEU that we all wanted. While an all around good movie, "Wonder Woman" still faces the fact that it is quite similar to "Captain America: The First Avenger". It is the superhero movie that the DCEU needs, but not the one it deserves.	4
These 5 stars reviews are extremely generous to say the least. Overall good movie? Sure. Great movie? No. The excitement for a long awaited Wonder Woman movie generated more delusional hype than what the movie actually earned on its own merit. I'm not sold on Gal Godat's acting ability as Wonder Woman either. A beautiful woman alone isn't enough to fit the role.	3
They could make it better.	3
It's storyline style is standard: Begin an adventure after a big event happens, go down a long road meeting friends along the way, a climax, down point, and then villain twist at the end with final victory. But that doesn't necessarily mean it's bad. There's a good amount of humor, depth to all of the characters, and it's a great origin story with a pleasantly retro vibe. It has an incredible soundtrack (I can't get the Wonder Woman theme out of my head) and the acting is spot on. Although it's basic, you can't deny that all of the highs to this movie make it one that's worth watching. 8/10	4
Entretenida, emotiva y con un buen mensaje. De lo mejor de DC desde The Dark Knight.	5
it's a pretty good movie, Gal Gadot's performance was amazing and it was fun to watch	4
If you're wondering if Wonder Woman is as wonderful as it's reviews suggest... for the most part it is. A better balance of light and dark than the average for a DC comic subject. There's a great mix of characters and Gal Gadot and Chris Pine have good chemistry. The narrative is uncomplicated, the humorous moments hit their mark and the action, whilst a lot of fun doesn't over power the movie. Watching at home in 3D the picture is amazing, the depth is excellently used and I'd be more than happy to watch it again.	4
It was too epic. I would recommend it only for fans of the comic.	2
An absolutely great movie!	4
The best DC movie since Man of Steel. They finally embraced a colorful and hopeful theme!	4
I'm happy to say I was wrong. It was a very good movie	5
Pretty solid, though it still reeks of Snyder.	4
would watch it again. would of thought that the gods fight could of been better but all the hero movies lack the final battle	5
hell yeah, what an awesome movie!	5
Wonder Woman is about Diana an Amazon who saves World War 1 pilot Steve Trevor. After Diana learns about the war she believes Ares the god of war is behind WW1. In short, this movie single handily saved the DC Cinematic Universe. This movie has about 4 moments that made me stare at the movie screen in awe. These moments made me verbally yell out loud with sheer excitement and awe. A battle early on in this movie utilizes slow motion, although this effect could have been taken down a notch the battle was incredible and the slow motion added a lot to the sequence. Diana's fish out of water story is great, the chemistry between Steve and Diana is good a surprisingly hilarious. This movie goes south when it slows down in order to flesh out the characters. In reality, when this happened I became bored and wanted to go back into the plot of the movie. By far the biggest flaw of this movie was the last 30 minutes. In these 30 minutes, this movie became Batman v Superman. There was a big fight, but the villain was so bad and in my opinion, he became the biggest miscast of all time. At times it felt like a Harry Potter duel on steroids. One of the worst endings to a movie I have ever seen.	4
Mmmmm....it's enjoyable enough and certainly is a welcome addition to the DC-verse, but i wasn't blown away by it.	4
All I talk to said good movie	5
Jenkins serves another standard exercise in mediocre comic book conventionalism.Quite possibly the worst effects of any film I've ever seen in the genre, and yet it speaks to a style that is more obviously drawn from the pages of its source. That could be a unique stylization, except it's so jerky and awful looking that the weightlessness of the characters lends to a feeling of no consequences. We don't feel our heroes are ever in danger or threatened; the physics are awful.Chris Pine carries the movie in an enjoyable comic performance, but Gal Gadot is inexcusably atrocious. I was excited to see Robin Wright, but apparently she didn't have the same enthusiasm filming it, as her performance fell flat.	2
Gal Gadot is exceptional. The movie certainly surpassed my expectations. There are oddities however, like when a shield and sword seem to appear from no where from one scene to the next. The story line is interesting, taking us back the beginning of Wonder Woman and where she came from. That was sensible to start what will no doubt become it?s own franchise.	4
Gadot is amazing, however the supporting cast and script are just so dull	2
loved it from start to finish. gives you everything you want and more. Great cast, great plot and great messages.	4
I am normally not a DC fan. But this movie was amazing!!! I absolutely enjoyed every second of this film. from the stunning graphics to the action packed scenes!! to the under lined message. it was absolutely amazing!!!!	5
Everything a DC movie should be. Only thing I didn't like was the final boss battle. Villain was kind of lame.	4
This movie was terrible.They pissed all over the fundamentals of movie-making. The shots were bland and lacked creativity (compare to something like Inglourious Basterds), none of the music was memorable (except for the extremely out-of-place electric cello piece), the CGI stuntwork was keyframed so poorly it looked like Wonder Woman had been replaced by a goddamn inflatable Gumby doll during the action sequences, the story was utterly incompetent, the dialogue was cringe-inducing, the movie couldn't even keep a consistent tone throughout the runtime and repeatedly shit all over its own message, the acting was ABYSMAL (Chris Pine can't act for shit), and the final twist (and villain) was so goddamn ridiculous I nearly burst out laughing in the theater.The tone of the movie is what really makes it look incompetent. At first, their entire premise was that "Ares makes men kill each other, he's the bad guy" and start building him up. When the cocaine-snorting German general is impaled and nothing happens, the film actually begins to adopt the far less juvenile message of "Human beings are complicated, often violent, and that needs to be respected if you're to understand and prevent misery", but then the movie throws that completely out the window when Nigel Thornberry, the God of War, appears out of nowhere and engages in a laser light show with Gal Gadot, saying, "Humans are like this all the time anyway, I just give them tools for destruction." When Gal Gadot puts on the puppy dog eyes and says "Love is the answer", and then vaporizes Nigel Thornberry with a goddamn lightning bolt, the German soldiers all immediately sit up, smiling like idiots, as if they were freed from the evil influence of Ares, completely annihilating whatever (slightly) intelligent point they were going for. It was messy, it was wildly incompetent, and I'll never understand how $150 million was poured into such a travesty.I wouldn't normally complain about things like trivializing the importance of an armed conflict, but when a director so cheerfully glosses over one of the biggest wars to ever occur in such a wildly egregious manner, I can't help but bring it up. You can't honestly tell me it was a good idea to write a movie about an invincible woman who waltzes through the hellish trenches of World War 1 in HEELS AND A MINISKIRT, and then ENDS THE WAR WITH THE POWER OF LOVE. It's insultingly stupid, and should never have been written, let alone executed in its entirety with a budget of $150 million behind it. It's a trainwreck.This all might have been bearable had the characters been well-developed or likable in any way. Chris Pine is a terrible actor and his awfulness immediately breaks immersion for whatever movie I see him in (notably Star Trek: Beyond). He was so absorbed with trying not to trip over his damn lines (which he does do, numerous times), that he ends up saying them in a completely emotionless and vapid way. It's like he's a robot. There's a scene where the script calls for him to improvise (on the boat), and he blows it in ways I never knew an actor could blow a performance. It's like Chris Pine had stage fright and the team was unable to do so much as a second take when they realized he couldn't improvise worth shit. He mumbles about awkwardness (watching him forget what to say while on-screen creates an intensely awkward moment on the boat), and spouts some nonsense that I can only imagine was intended to be funny, but ends up executing it similarly to a wildly insecure high-school drama student who shakes uncontrollably when he goes on-stage. He pours all his effort into not having a breakdown while on set and forgetting what to say that he's got NOTHING left to actually put into facial expressions, intonations, gestures, or really anything at all. This fool is payed millions JUST to act well, and he can't even put forth the effort to learn his lines.The same is mostly true with Gal Gadot, though not to such an incredible degree as Chris Pine. Gal Gadot suffers from the same "Too wrapped up in the lines to show any emotion whatsoever" issue as Chris Pine. It quickly becomes clear that she is unable to cry on cue, which is a major must for any aspiring actor. She's clearly got insufficient skill or experience to pull off a role she's being paid millions for.Though it's not as if either of them had anything to work with. The script was horrendous. It's got a ton of pointless filler that does nothing to develop or create investment in the characters, which, hilariously, causes the movie to rush through the sections that contained actual meaningful character development or plot progression. If it weren't so messily paced, they perhaps could have developed the character of Ares a bit more than the awful motivation of "EVERYTHING THEY BUILT WILL FALL, AND IN ITS PLACE, WE'LL BUILD A BETTER ONE" that the universally-panned X-Men: Apocalypse movie had. He comes out of nowhere, and fights Wonder Woman in another shameful display of two invincible idiots punching each other to no end, and then gets obliterated with a lightning bolt for whatever reason. And on top of that, he looks like a British caricature, with a weak chin, bald head, and a mustache. Who's idea was it to cast this man as Ares? It's like a Rottweiler with the head of a poodle! He looks ridiculous!The movie is essentially a very poorly-done rendition of Captain America: The First Avenger. If you compare the two, you'll notice a disturbing amount of similarities. In both movies, a gaudy superhero with a shield is dumped into the front lines of one of the World Wars, and fights their way to a secret enemy base. A villainous enemy leader fights the hero while a huge armored plane containing doomsday weapons is taking off, with a male protagonist leaping on at the last second to sacrifice himself by destroying the plane.If you want to watch a movie like Wonder Woman, but actually enjoyable and not insultingly stupid, I would highly recommend Captain America: The First Avenger. The villains are compelling and rich, not some one-dimensional cocaine-snorting gorilla and a surprise appearance by Arnigel Thornzennegerberry. There's threat, there's development, there's a great color palette with great special effects. The vehicle design is great and it doesn't feel anywhere near as contrived as WW.	2
I will own this film, that's how much I enjoyed it. Everything was pretty perfect in the making of this movie. The script, acting, tech...everything. After seeing Gal Gadot portray Wonder Woman, it will be difficult to see another actress play her. It's also a family friendly movie so parents, if you want to show to your small Wonder Woman fans, by all means take them!	5
It started off as a solid origin story and was doing fine until it came to the climax and that's where the movie kind of fell apart by throwing in a twist that comes out of no where, and the explanation given felt rushed. The villain was a big disappointment. But what I did like was the period piece setting, the chemistry between the two leads, and the small amount of depth given to some of the supporting characters. Though overall I liked Man of Steel and Batman v Superman more, they left more to ponder and had better villains.	3
Wonder Woman finally a superhero film with a star of a female. Wonder Woman we never thought we ever get it on the big screen but we did and it was spectacular. And I can't wait for the sequel.	4
Reviewed 9.7.17. Ugh, another super hero movie. I want them to completely fail at this point, but I'll have to wait I guess. It's pretty dumb in a lot of ways, but alas, I was entertained. Unfortunately the concept of all of the Amazonian warriors having to be gorgeous feels stupid, and unintentionally comical. And I know CGI overload is a pet peeve of mine, but really, can at least something feel real? The birds, a plane, anything for crying out loud. But in the end, the story itself has some heart. No originality perhaps, but enough human emotion to pull off the surprising..yet another super hero movie I can't pan. Gal Gadot crushes it in the lead role. And perhaps I'm going soft, but underneath all the super hero loathing, I can't help but root for the ladies. It's about time.	3
We were finally presented with an amazing female hero movie.	5
Amazing performance by Gal Gadot, good CGI, villain was maybe a little weird but definitely liked the wonder woman itself. Good movie would recommend watching it.	4
Great superhero movie.	4
Mmmmm, pretty standard superhero movie stuff going on in this one. Really, you take any action scene in this movie and just sub in Spiderman or Iron Man and their respective bad guys and nobody would bat an eye. That's fine if you like it. There were some "clueless person from another world/culture/time_period/religion" jokes to break the forced serious tone. By the end, after taking stock of what feminism and heroics look like in 2017, this film contributes strength, physical attractiveness, hetero, not-caring-what-others-think, taking-the-initiative to feminism and rogue, always-a-winner, kill-the-bad-guy-gruesomely, achieve-peace-through-violence, and the impossible-is-possible to heroism.	2
Shocked how much I really liked this movie. Great story and characters. Loved it.	5
Imagine you have twenty stone blocks tied together with a logging chain and you are dragging this burden through a swamp of deep mud. That's what watching this movie is like. The story line drags painfully slow, the dialogue is a string marginally related cliches. I can not for the life of me figure out how it got such a high rating. For me it is an absolutely unwatchable 2-plus hours of crap.	1
Thoroughly enjoyed the movie as it brought important topics of feminine strength, woman empowerment, and acknowledgment of the failures of mankind in general. This was not a story of punishment, but of forgiveness... our oppressors don't deserve it, but only through forgiving previous actions can we move on and create a better future. Beautiful parallel to real life all the while adding fictional historical elements.	5
DC finally came out with a decent origin movie! The curse is lifted...? Only issue is why wasn't this before the previous films? This is an origin movie I would rank next to Marvel's triumphant Iron Man. Just goes to show you that some humor and charismatic characters won't kill DC films, quit taking yourselves so seriously.	4
Two damn hours this film wasted of my time. 92%? I'll give it one star for not being so bad that I had to turn it off at least. Let's first look at how overwhelmingly dull everything in this movie is... the action is boring and quick and the characters talk A LOT. After the first five minutes I lost interest because the arguably present plot goes no-where fast. The fish-out-of-water stuff gets a few grins, but outside of that this movie is bad. Real bad.	1
Exciting adventure. Interesting story. Well acted and put together. Looking forward to a sequel.	5
Much grittier than the campy TV series from the 70's but very enjoyable!	4
Not bad. Starts of strong but progresses into a by the numbers super hero movie. Snyder ending included.	2
Wonder Woman is the biggest surprise this year. You need to see it. One of the best superhero movies this decade. I would go as far to say it's not only my second favorite superhero movie of 2017, but it's in my top ten favorite superhero movies of all time.	4
Not perfect. Toes the line between being epic and cheesey quite a few times. The third act is about as messy as is heralded. But the parts that work... are stunning. The characters are the main focus, and they are brought to life with great acting and a fantastic script. Which is why this movie works and its mistakes so forgivable. Weird watching a DCEU movie with good writing and meaningful conversations. Gal Gadot is great obviously, but Chris Pine deserves a lot of credit also. Steve Trevor is the heart and soul of this movie. Finally, a step forward for the much maligned DCEU	3
Worthy of two trips! I haven't gone back to the theater to watch the same movie since I don't know when. This was a double! Excellent on the big screen.	5
First things first, if you're looking at a template on how to do a film with a female protagonist, I would say this, as well as the first two Terminator films the go to source. With that out of the way, it's great to see a DCEU film where you finally get to see a decent origin story, as well as one that doesn't require night vision to watch. It proves more and more that Zack Snyder's role needs to be diminished as these movies continue.	4
Thoroughly entertaining and uplifting! Couldn't get enough of this movie. Gal Gadot was perfectly cast and Patty Jenkins--BRAVO! Don't miss this movie!	5
One of the best movies I've ever seen.	5
I was a little weary of this movie, only because I think my husband's distaste for Superhero movies has started clouding my judgement. Also, sometimes when "everyone" loves it I feel I am going to find a fatal flaw. However, this was not the case, it was really good and really well done. Gal Gadot is amazing and I have seen some interviews with her and I just love her all around. She really was a great wonder woman! I have also learned not to always listen to my husband ð~,ð~,	4
Although filled with great action set pieces I think the plot is closer to an Elf remake than this movie would like to believe. Watch it back and tell me I'm wrong	3
amazing movie great acting by gal and pine	5
One of the best movie of the year and best Super Hero movie in years. Lots of charm, humor and hope. The two main actors have amazing chemistry and the story is engaging.	5
I was a little weirded out by the unnecessary slow motion going on in the fight scenes. Especially at the beginning, but as far as a super hero movie goes(especially in the D.C. Universe) I was very pleased with this movie!	4
Truly amazing movie. I would recommend it to almost anybody.	5
*Pinches myself* Huh *Pinches self again* Oh my, I'm not dreaming, the DCEU's finally had a good movie, not just a good movie, a great movie, up there with The Dark Knight, Winter Soldier, and Logan as one of the best comic book movies ever.  It's nice to see DC finally let a bit of color back into one of their films. It's not overly dark, it's not overly lighthearted, it's the right mix of both.  The best thing about it is without a doubt (Which is ironically since people reacted to her about as well as they did Batfleck...Kinda fitting then) is Gal Gadot as Diana/Wonder Woman. I love how rather being a vengeful vigilante like Batman, or an alien messiah like Superman. She has no motivation for wanting to be a hero, other then a desire to help and protect people and do what's right  This film series really needed this, now we just need Justice League to succeed (Which I now have hope for now that Joss Whedon's taken over), and Affleck's solo Batman movie to be good, and I can call myself a DC fan again	4
It was.. Okay. It started off awesome on the island and i was excited but then it just started to get worse and worse. Maybe it's the scripting? Gal makes a great wonder women but idk I think it was poorly put together.	3
Great story, good acting! Lots of action, but thought the movie went a little long...	4
I loved this movie ! It was really inspiring ! It was a really good movie !!! I love wonder women she is my favorite D.C. Character now !	5
Pretty good movie! I was proved wrong. A decade ago I thought the general public would not have interest in a Wonder Woman movie. Glad I was wrong!	4
Great movie. A chance for some great sequels if they can get good stories. The backdrop made for great visuals and enough of a story to keep high interest level. Good move for sure - go see it.	4
ð??¿ð??¿ð??¿ð??¿ð??¿ð??º #gregghead	5
Wonder Woman was an excellent movie. I loved it! It's great to see such a well done movie featuring a female superhero. From start to finish, I was completely absorbed in the interesting plot, complex characters, and exciting action. I definitely want to watch it again. It's about time DC made another excellent movie. 5/5	5
Great visuals.Kick ass fight scenes.Slow story development and disjointed and somewhat unsatisfying storytelling.The ending took too long to arrive, was not built up correctly, and was over with little fanfare.Spoiler:Why save the village only to destroy it? It didn't advance the story other than to make Dianna flip Humanity the.bird.	3
I was not overly impressed. It was a good movie, but I would have waited for DVD instead of theater. The end fight wasn't good and there were a few things they changed in the story (to be expected) that I didn't like.	3
Hooray for strong women in front and behind the camera and all that but this is not an amazing movie. Fish out of water stuff and, really, all of Chris Pine just doesn't work. David Thewlis, on the other hand . . .	3
DCEU has really outdone itself in this heartwarming, action-packed and pretty damn funny display of girl power, starring an amazing performance by Gal Gadot (a nice comeback, since Batman V Superman).	5
Not that impressed. Character and the background was great but the movie lost its glamor and fizzled out.	2
Great movie and look forward to the sequel.	5
Wonder Woman is good, not great or one of the best superhero movies of all time, but good. It's got a lot of strengths mainly some really good performances, great action, a very compelling romance and a hopeful optimistic tone mixed with really good comedy that makes it very entertaining. However the villains are awful, the cgi is at times atrocious, the third act is boring and generic, there's far to much Zach Snyder esquire slow motion and it's far too long. I liked this film and it's probably the best of the DC movies but I do think it's been rather overhyped at this point. It's just far too problematic for me to call it great. Although Gal Gadot and Chris Pine proved they can give great performances, especially Gadot who is so much better than she was in Batman v Superman. Wonder Woman is good and I'm really glad that a film directed by a woman with a female lead has become so successful even if it's could have done with a fair bit of improvement. B	3
It was decent... Girl power an all that.	3
This movie earns some points for a really kick*** Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot has really proven herself in this role), some impressive action sequences, and certainly a great character study of Wonder Woman herself, as well as being an awesome step forward for women in film (a strong, female superhero film being helmed by a woman no less). It loses points in terms of my investment in the conflict. Despite the high points that I mentioned that really spruced it up, we're still dealing with a superhero movie, and I'm still experiencing serious superhero movie-burnout. A good, solid movie nonetheless, a nice enough change of pace, and worth seeing.	3
Epic. Beautiful. Incredible direction.	5
Finally! A female super hero movie I can stand behind as a woman. The story was great, casting amazing and it was entertaining all the way through. Girl Power	5
Really enjoyed it, wonders off abit at times but good watch????	4
A huge step up for DC. Even though this movie is filled with predictability, it still doesn't take away the enjoyable experience in my local theaters!	4
I've not been a huge huge fan of many female super heroes but I can say this was an amazing movie, female role was absolutely stunning, is my favorite!	5
Not what I expected, but I thoroughly enjoyed it! Would definitely recommend this! Note: not intended for little ones!	4
The villain was trash, but the rest was awesome	4
Fun movie with a terrible ending and cheap CGI	2
A repeat of Captain America: The First Avenger, but get this, with a FEMALE lead. Sorry, DC, you don't get a pass just because your latest outing wasn't as bad as previous releases. You basically portrayed the Germans as Nazis, despite the fact it was set in the FIRST world war, and practically every character could be likened to one in the first Captain America film, which, for the record, I didn't jump for joy for either.SPOILERS: It wouldn't have been so bad if, once it was revealed that Wonder Woman was wrong about Ares, the reveal as to who it was was intelligent. I mean, Steve Trevor fit the role of a man forcing the war to continue, and had it turned out he was Ares, one of the best twists in recent years could've been on our hands, that might have justified DC ripping off their biggest rival. But the arch-villain was simply Background Character C and as such the reveal held no real emotion to it.	2
DC's redemption. Good acting, awesome story, surprising humor, fantastic action. All you need and more when it comes to superhero movies.	3
Unless only children are voting I can't see how such an unsophisticated cliched movie could get 90%, a movie where everything is consistent with the DC universe but has been seen before in many others like the ordinary and superficial characters, the basic stories, the simple one liners, the cliched scenes, the action scenes that rely heavily on special effects and epic music because the scene in itself is no different and no more sophisticated than all others we have seen before in countless movies like this, and it's just too much repetition of everything for any movie aficionado over 35, we have seen it all please change things a bit or cinema is dead, I will have to rely solely on video games for novel experiences and story lines. This movie is boring, predictable and brings nothing new, it's just My Little Pony on steroids, ridiculous and depressing, we already know that good is better than evil and all that mumbo please be more imaginative and change your stories a bit, make the villain win make things end badly for a change or something like that, stop treating us all like children you know reality is much more complex than the simple messages you try to pass.	1
Cringe inducing bad.	1
Best DC movie to date. Better than Man Of Steel.	4
it was a really good movie and they need to make more movies like this	3
Good for an origins movie. Shot beautifully and with lots of heart. Caught myself at times thinking she's finally getting her due.	4
Wonder women encounters humanity.She encounters man as being both evil and good, and man can be equally evil and destructive. Her encounter , w Man not as some predestined entity, whose evil can be defeated, but rather such evil and self destruction is at the root of Man's Heart of Darkness, neither can be overcomes, but will exist, time after time, as long there is Man. Her innocence of Man, being tested.	4
The Best DC movie I have seen. There were a lot of expectations for this film and it did not disappoint.	5
Even with the overuse of slow motion and CGI in the final fight, Wonder Woman is an inspiring film and DC's best in years.	3
This was so great! And how beautiful is she!!	4
Wonder woman is the best installment in the DC universe since Man of Steal. Gal portrays this character magnificently. Even with the plot being quite unique and original, the screenplay holds the action true to DC's cinematic pazazz.	4
Wonder Women movie review: In a dark age of man where humanity seems all but lost to war, an Amazon princess, must follow through on a hero's journey that balances the fate of the world. It's a story of how she lost her innocences while becoming Diana, Princess of Themyscira, too Diana Prince, AKA, the god-killer. Born to play the role, Gal Gadot proves that women can be fiercely loyal, strong, as well empathetic. She did a phenomenal job conveying a sense of naivety and maturity in simultaneous form. Supporting characters are memorable and not wasted. Great casting all around, excellent pacing, as with a well thought out story (thank you Patty Jenkins) that was not afraid to enlighten on the horrors of WWI. Keeping it real without reducing it down to cartoon entertainment. Overall I thought the CGI was spot on for the most part. However there were some visual technical hiccups, mostly part from the Ares' final unmasking which was a little improptu in delivery. Other than that it was fantastic. Wonder Woman has easily skyrocketed to one of my all time favorite superhero movies, putting it right next to Guardians of The Galaxy. Granted I love Marvel more than DC comics, but my god...Well done! DC comics needed this. I give the film a 11 out of 10. A++ rating! Must see film.	5
Wonder Woman is a triumph for female heroes as well as superhero storytelling in general.	4
A truly amazing movie but it annoys that they used a marvel move, in others words they killed off a villain that has so much potential that can really help future movies. Overall the movie is awesome the relationship between Diana and Steve is so strong and beautiful, the action is heart stopping, and the characters just fill the movie with comedie; they just add to the main 2 characters excellence.	4
Gal Gadot's wonderful performance makes up for the minor imperfection of the story.	5
I don't like to give negative reviews just for the sake of going against the grain, but holy moly, 92%? Why are people so afraid to say this movie isn't great? It's pretty below average in a lot of ways. The story is only ok in some parts, and just bad in others. The acting isn't great, despite having some very good actors. The plot is kind of a mess, even though the premise is pretty solid. Again, forgive me for picking on a movie that, ironically, can't stand up for itself, but I just don't think it needs to carry the feminist mantle the way so many people seem to want it to. There are a few cool things, and it isn't awful or anything, but Atomic Blonde is way better. Both recent Star Wars installments are way better. Anything staring Sigourney Weaver... ever... is way, way better. We have tons of great female characters and will, no doubt, have tons more. Wonder Woman just isn't going to be one of them, I'm afraid.	2
Good; could have been better.	3
Two thumbs up. Woman power has finally arrived taking centre stage and not just as a side kick like Black widow in Avengers. Its the rare combination of beauty, compassion, grace and strength that makes wonder woman Gal Gadot just simply irresistible and the film so riotously entertaining. Gadot's formidable resume as ex beauty queen, ex soldier in the Israel army, strong Jewish family values, wife, mother of two daughters and Hotel owner certainly made her an excellent candidate for WW role. With stellar takings at the box office, Gadot is Warner Brothers most bankable minting machine. More than Carvill or Affleck. So please WB, time to pay Gadot for what she is worth. Not counting Nolan's dark knight trilogy, DC comic finally has a champion on film to match Marvel's dominating and run away success. Marvel's fearsome Black Widow certainly cannot come close to match DC's Amazon lady. Well deserved for Warner brothers/DC after striving so hard with so many male superheroes that fell far short of Ironman or Captain Americal. DC superheroes predecessors of WW just could not equal Marvel's magic. Not until WW bursting into the scene in 2017. Already in Batman vs Superman, WW's appearance and the incredible sexy signature sound track for WW portended great excitement to come. We are not disappointed. Besides a great script and visionary directing, the key to the film's gigantic success is undeniable Gal Gadot's magnetism and her magic chemistry with Chris Pine. A little sad that Gadot and Pine's parted far too soon. His death was however not in vain. It was their romantic love and death that was the final catalyst that completed WW's invincibility and resolve to bring good to the world. Love, as we see repeatedly, is the most powerful motivating force in the universe. To save or to destroy.	5
Excellent film giving equal screen time to remarkable action sequences and deep character development.	4
Yes, yes, yes! A great portrayal of Wonder Woman that does justice to the comics and yet makes it relevant to our day now. Great to finally have a female super hero that can entertain, have an air of innocence and be totally AWESOME!	5
I enjoyed this plenty of action beautiful women and storyline was entertaining	4
The cast was great. It was extremely entertaining, action-packed, funny & lots of fun. This was way better than BVS & Suicide Squad. Wonder Woman is the best DC movie I've ever seen since The Dark Knight !!!!!! 9/10	5
Unfortunately Terrible. Plot holes left and right. Cheezy, convenient, and just plain lazy writing. Ridiculous portrayals about the realities of world war 1 era europe. All that martial arts training yet almost every action sequence is a painfully obvious CGI woman. Here we have yet another low quality movie getting good ratings because critics are afraid to be politically incorrect. This movie was so poorly thought out that I spent most of the film laughing harder than I have in a long time (but its not a comedy)	1
Love conquers all! Love this movie! Going to buy it!	5
One of the best super hero origin movies I have ever seen. D.C. finally has one to rival Marvel. I am a huge fan of both. I hope for more to come.	5
Worth the wait Wonder Woman	4
I am getting older and superhero movies just haven't done it for me lately, but this one is pretty decent and would recommend seeing.	3
An awesome movie with great female characters and cool CGI. It is so nice to finally see a female superhero movie that equates and even challenges all the other male superhero movies. However, superhero movies need to stop focusing solely on their young audiences. Children will recognize a strong female or male role-model without adults pointing it out to them. But I understand that this movie is supposed to set a precedent for featuring a female lead and that may be the reason for cramming so much "awesome-ness" into one movie (Wonder Woman doesn't seem to get hurt, similar to her superhero contemporaries). Other than that, Wonder Woman is a great start to seeing more films with female lead roles.	2
Wonder Woman came to save DC comics from mediocrity. It brought thrilling and funny scenes played by the cleverly choosed Gal Gadot, it has stunning visuals and the story sometimes seems a little superficial, but it can captivate the spectator because of its different refreshing context and well organized plot.	3
the greatest this year so far	5
Excellent flick; best DC Universe movie since the Batman trilogy. The leads R great in their roles, with Danny Huston & the other villians top notch. The use of WWI as the back drop was inspired - however, historically speaking, I think they whacked a few of the Imperial German hierarchy that actually survived the war. Oops!	4
The saving Grace of dc	5
Gives me hope that DC might recover from the horror of Batman v Superman	5
The best movie of DC	5
Patty Jenkins deserves recognition for bringing girl power into the DCEU and into the genre in general. After movies "Catwoman", "Wonder Woman" has a good woman protagonist and is the movie in the DCEU. Gal Gadot was fisically a great choice for the role, she has some good action moments and is extremely gorgeous, however, she isn't a great actress, there are some bad moments of acting that could be improved. As well as Danny Huston, that could have some more personality. But in the end, "Wonder Woman" works as a war movie as well as a blockbuster.	3
I must say after months of waiting I finally got around to seeing wonder woman and it was worth every second of waiting this is the best movie of the year no doubt I cant believe the fun I had here I loved the action the women the heart the humor it was just a terrific movie in general and shouldn't be missed by anyone	5
Had fairly low expectations when going to see this, but found that I enjoyed it. The villain has a couple of issues, but worked ok. The feminism thing in movies is also starting to get cringey. Just portray women as equals, without trying to bring men down. It's should be about equalism, rather than segregation though feminism and masculism.	3
Great action and cinematography but the storyline seemed to drag a bit. Nevertheless, definitely worth watching	3
Not as corny as you may expect. Pleasantly surprised.	4
Maybe the best movie of 2017, not to be missed.	5
I love this movie! I love that it goes back to what DC stands for. I love the actors and story. However Ares is a old British guy. And U thought the ending was not good. Still great though.	4
war is bad and nuanced, unless it's literally you fighting the god if it, invalidating the main subplot.	2
they just keep coming don't they	4
The symbolism is on point in this one. an overall job well done	5
This is best DC movie ever made. They should have started the franchise with this one. It more than makes up for the dismal Batman vs Superman fiasco. Gal Gadot, despite my initial misgivings, has wholeheartedly embraced the role and brought it all the aplomb that Wonder Woman deserves.	5
It does fall into generic nonsense and stuffs itself with scenes that feel tacked-on as they realize they forgot to develop a villain, but WW is still the most appealing screen hero in the newest DC screen universe. Someone remembered these heroes are supposed to be fighting darkness rather than basking in it.	3
I had been waiting to see this one but didn't get a chance to see it in theaters and I will say if you haven't seen it yet don't wait this is no doubt the best movie of the summer I had so much fun watching the action and the beautiful women even the humor was on key here and it was even mostly clean what more could you ask for rent a copy for the family today	4
Um avião cai no local onde estão as amazonas, e um delas é filha de Zeus e tem o poder para matar deuses, sendo que a mesma descobre que está ocorrendo a segunda guerra mundial e acredita que tudo é culpa de Ares, sendo que a mesma entra na guerra e consegue matá-lo... o filme é mais sobre a guerra do que sobre a mulher maravilha que tem poderes sem graça... esperava mais do filme.....	3
While Wonder Woman is a super-person with high visibility, there is a much smaller percentage of the population that is actually aware of her abilities. I counted myself in the population of ignorant nerds before viewing this, and I enjoyed how the movie both set up and played with our expectations.We begin with a feeling not dissimilar to the first Thor film, where the sheltered paradise is shown off in all its glory. Seeing Diana grow up here establishes a really strong character base for her. Then, when [SPOILER] is tragically killed (WAY too early, by the way), this serves as the impetus to go out into the world...and then immediately forget about it. Seriously, I was really looking forward to some good fish-out-of-water stuff, and while we got a little bit, it wasn't done well.Nevertheless, the film does have some great points, with many memorable scenes and characters. There were some anachronisms that bugged me, and some of the content I felt was far too adult-based for this film. The legally-mandated mid-third-act twist was definitely worth it, though the film did get a little too large-scale after that.There's some great acting here. Gal Godot is doing a lot of the heavy lifting here, and she shoulders it like a champ. While I'm not crazy about Steve Trevor the character, I love me some Chris Pine. Danny Huston and David Thewlis each bring their particular energy to their parts to round out the film.Compared to most other 'genre' films, this movie holds its own as a fun journey. Compared to the DCEU's 2016 offerings, this is a TRANSCENDENT EXPERIENCE ON PAR WITH DIVINE COMMUNION.	4
Awesome!! Great Movie watched 4 times already. Love the jokes. Lover her do. God she is just so hot as well as Chris. I thought the movie had a brilliant cast, story, and special effects. Love it 5 stars!!	5
Fun, with good performances but with a weird score that doesn't fit too well and a TERRIBLE ending.	3
Sooo disappointed. I seriously cannot figure out why this movie did so well. It was slow, poor acting by Gadot and less than epic ending. Really?!	2
LOVED THIS SO MUCH!!!! Cannot wait to show it to my nieces when they're old enough. Gal Gadot is EVERYTHING in this.	5
A perfect origin story, with a magnifique acting of gal gadot and a graat story to tell, with hope,fun, love and very much action.	4
Wonder Woman leaves you with a sense of awe and hope, which is something much needed after the disappointments of Batman v Superman and Suicide Squad. With a good balance of pathos, humour and action, Wonder Woman succeeds with spectacular fashion. I just hope the rest of the DCEU will continue this trend.	4
LOVED IT SO MUCH!!!!! WAY TO GO GAL!!!!	5
Wonder Woman is literally the best movie that I have watched in my life so far. It somehow connects to me. Regardless of the performing skills, the content that a woman can be really powerful incredibly touched me that I would cry in the theater, not because I was sad but moved. However, men might not feel as much as women.	5
If you love slow motion jumping, this is your movie.	2
While this film is well written and directed there are a few errors overall. I really hate that this film portrays the central powers as the bad guys of the Great war. The conflict didn't really`have a definitive good or bad guy. both the central powers and entente committed egregious atrocities. It seems like they blow the German's actions out of proportion and completely ignore everyone else's. (the part where Ludendorff shoots one of his own men would've never happened, just to name one). I suppose that is somewhat balanced out by Aries disguising himself as a Brit. The biggest issue that I have with this film is how Diana and Steve get from Greece to Britain in one night. Even by today's standards it is very hard to get that far in one night, but in 1918 it would be nearly impossible to do. Despite these errors it is still overall a good film. Gal Gadot does an outstanding job as Princess Diana, and overall the film is funny, thrilling and overall entertaining all at the same time.	3
Overall a good action movie	4
4 movies in this universe and this is the only good one.	4
Loved this movie - DC figured it out with this one. Cast is fantastic and storyline was compelling.	5
Loved this movie from start to finish. Loved the back story they gave.Gal Godot was so good!!	5
It was a really good movie I loves it all the way around.	5
Actually surprisingly good. The soundtrack really got me amped up, and I was glad there wasn't too much political agenda pushing which seems to be the norm these days whenever there's a strong female character. But no, this was done right, like it was in the good old days of cinema. Just a strong character that happened to be female. The visuals were great, the soundtrack was great, the story was pretty good and had a decent feel to it. Worth a watch.	3
Watching the back story of Wonder Woman was awesome but still had a little drawbacks seeing that she was a little pouty,but it was a little slow in the middle but still enjoyable.	4
This was a really great action packed movie and concluded the origins of wonder woman	5
Way better than I expected. A great movie for women to be proud of without making the film about feminism. It simply being about a bad ass female superhero is all it needs to be to support the feminist community. I'm actually looking forward to the Justice League movie now.	4
larry like it i really enjoy it. it was a good history about how wonder woman came to be and what struggles and adjustments of life happen so Diana learned what it was to have her powers and whn and how to use them. the special effects were great. very entertaining.	4
This was the greatest, most hilarious super hero movie ever.	5
amazing story and gave people a hard time writing bad reviews	5
The whole family really liked this movie.	4
Best DC movie in years	4
This throws us into a new era for DC comics, it seems as though we will see better acting, better scripts, and better plots starting here.	4
One of the best comic book movies ever. It is original (so it beats most of Marvel movies), it has strong and great actors\heroes and a lot of great action scenes. Also romance between main protagonists is just wonderfull!	5
Good movie, but it took a long time getting past the back story. I was surprised about the timeframe in which it was set, but then, I'm not a comic book reader.	5
Riddled with cliches and still somehow manages to shove in an awkward romance among them.	2
Almost the perfect Super Hero movie, but for the "Captain America : First Avenger"esq ending.Anyone not impressed by the ass kickings dished out by Gal Gadot has no business seeing Super Hero movies.Makes me feel a little less apprehensive about "Justice League",	4
Awesome, enjoyed this one a ton.	4
Picking up from where Batman vs Superman left off, Diana Prince / Wonder Woman has been approached by Bruce Wayne / Batman to form a crime-fighting partnership. A photograph from WW1 sparks memories of her childhood, the daughter of the Queen of the Amazons, growing up and meeting, in WW1, Steve Trevor, an American spy. He will give her life purpose, cause her to leave the shelter of her home island and help her integrate into society. Most importantly, he will help her find and confront the arch-enemy of the Amazons - Ares, the God of War.Better than most comic-book movies (not that this says much). Good set up and decent plot development, combined with an attention-grabbing appearance from Gal Gadot (and I'm not referring to her acting). Initially manages to not overdo the usual fantasy / sci fi bs, giving you hope that this might not degenerate into the usual special effects-driven nonsense that makes comic-book movies so empty and predictable.However, this was too good to last. From a point it is all about the CGI-driven action scenes, complete with fantasy gobbledygook and improbable, out-of-the-blue outcomes. So it ends pretty much as your standard comic book movie.Overall, okay and worth watching, but not a must-see.	3
Dull. Lame plot. Dialogue frequently ridiculous. Plot twist completely unconvincing. Ultimately unsatisfying. Proves that special effects are no substitute for good film making. Sorry I wasted my time and money.	2
An amazing superhero Film Better than anything marvel had put out to the big screen!	5
The DCEU film everyone has been waiting for. Wonder Woman is full of hope, optimism and heart. Patty Jenkins' direction is just magnificent. She understands what Wonder Woman means and has made a movie that does justice to the character. Gal Gadot was simply brilliant in every way. She fully embodies the character and gives us a character that we can root for as well as empathize with. Also, equally great is Chris Pine who adds so much charisma and warmth to every scene he is in. The action scenes in the film are simply epic. Seeing Diana put on her iconic costume and go into battle for the 1st time reminded me of the same joy I felt watching Christopher Reeve for the 1st time. The cinematography and the Score are brilliant. All in all, a great superhero flick and this gets my hopes high for the Justice league movie.	4
Great movie looking forward to seeing the next one	5
1 Star for Gal Gadot and 1 Star for the Zimmer score.	2
Absolutely wonderfully cast, acted and carried out, the pre-story of Wonder Woman's Diana Prince as portrayed by Gal Gadot (along with a wonderfully cast background of followers) rocked the big screen and literally blasted herself and the geekdom squad into the last half of the current decade. Patty Jenkins and Gal Gadot have a lot to be proud of, and Wonder Woman is a very inspiring and excellent visual display of a universe that I would be proud (and love) to be a part of. Rock on!	5
I really liked the story. Well acted with a strong strong lead character and great supporting cast. Only problem is they skimped on the quality of the cgi in the last act.The first act made me feel on the edge of tears with characters I found real to the point I cared about each and everyone of them. Action was great, but the story was enthralling from start to finish.	4
Loved the first 15 minutes. So, to begin, I don't like comic book superhero movies, in general. With the exception of Christopher Reeves Superman, that is almost always the case. I really enjoyed the beautiful island, and the characters that were developing in the first 15 minutes or so of this film. Then, once the World War II Nazi conflict entered the movie, it started to disintegrate for me. Maybe, because I like a little bit more scientific explanation for what's going on, I found this movie to just be boring and childish. The movie gave me too many questions, with no answers, or even attempts at answers. And, the slow motion shots got really boring after a while. Although I liked Gal Gadot in the Fast & Furious franchise a lot, here I found her voice, that seems to be raspy from smoking, to be very annoying and unattractive. And, to my disappointment, the character that I liked above all others was killed off in a nonsensical way. This was the amazing Robin Wright. She had one of the more interesting characters in the story, and I wanted to see that progressed through the film.	1
hot new superhero movie and great surprising and shocking scenes that makes this movie the greatest movie in DCEU	4
The first 2 acts are great but the final act went downhill	4
The best installment in the dc cinematic universe	4
Gal Gadot was born for this role...absolutely amazing	5
Very good, the best d.c. movie yet.	4
Wonder Woman viene a salvar al DCEU y al mundo de los superhéroes.	4
Loved this movie, great story line and acting!	5
First two thirds were great. Humorous moments, empowering moments, some good action. A lovely slower scene after a battle is won. Then the inevitable battle of gods brought the whole thing into absolute boredom. Gal Gadot was good but had to make quite a few weird faces into a slow-mo camera. Chris Pine was fine, but pretty uninteresting.	3
It was very well done. The story was engaging and I liked all the action. You need to see it so not much to say. Have fun!	4
Better than I expected!	5
Amazing!! Super interesting and loved all the detail!!	5
A movie well acted, Scenes well crafted and a plot that misses the mark. Simply put a well-made movie that disregards the media it is based in.	3
One of the most over-estimated movies & over-applaused. All critics seem to be working for the production company, and such opinion is well-confirmed by the barrage of critisism and hatered towards one light, wise, most professional & unbiased opinion that I fully support - the one from James Cameron. How could Esquire even dare to challenge the goodwill remark of an opinion coming from a true movies Master!?	1
Excellent superhero movie, but ironically the final fight sequence is the weakest part. Wonder Woman instantly became my favorite superhero of the DC universe when she first crashed the battle in Batman v Superman, and Gal Gadot really sealed the deal with this one. Batman has always been my childhood hero but I'm sorry Ben, you're no Batman.	4
Gal has sexy voice and is cute. Action ok	4
A very better one compared to other DC movies but still the movie has it's flaws. But the direction it took is fantastic (The cinematography is brilliant)	3
Better than expected and great to see a successful hollywood superheroine comic book flick. But also....... another comic book flick...	3
THIS MOVIE. Talk about girl power! I have been waiting my whole life for this movie! You can never underestimate what a movie like this does, how it changes the world. Thank you Patty and Gal. We love you! New favorite movie, I'm obsessed I have 3 movie posters in my room! More of this Hollywood PLEASE. Girl power aside. The plot is solid. The action is good. It has emotion. GREAT MOVIE.	5
Amazing. Stunning. Watch this!	5
DC/Warner Bros. has struggled to at least put out a decent movie in years. With Wonder Woman, they have the studio's best film in 5 years. It has a great sense of humor, fast-paced action scenes, and brilliant chemistry between its two leads, Gal Gadot and Chris Pine. Overall, there are very minor flaws with this otherwise great superhero film.	4
It was ok. She is a great actress and did a great job. Just wasn't what I was expecting.	1
I was very skeptical. I thought this would be goofy and cartoony. I was pleasantly surprised. It had a nice story line and fabulous special effects.	5
The best compliment I can give this movie is that it did its job. I've grown jaded and sick of superhero movies at this point, and I feel that there's become a superhero movie checklist, so to speak, for any of the movies to be seen 'passable' by the mainstream that actually for some reason wants to sit through 5 and a half hours of the Avengers: Infinity Wars. But I digress.Wonder Woman is fine, it didn't offend, it wasn't boring, it had a healthy amount of character development within the action, it had characters that were well written, and the motivations for Diana, the eponymous character were well executed. It was a pleasant movie to sit through and surprisingly never felt too long, a reoccurring superhero/action movie trait I feel I'm being bombarded with at this point.My only real issue with it is that although ambition is an absolute hit or miss with films in this genre, the film really didn't break any new ground. It was pretty much what I expected it to be from the get-go. I'm not saying it felt generic or tiring, it just was a standard 'rags to riches' superhero movie that I've seen before, just somewhat disguised as a new concept because it's a female lead instead of a man. Like I said, I'm really not a superhero movie person anymore and I've seen enough of them, so if that had not been the case, I do think I would have a lot more praise for this movie and a desire to rewatch it, but as it stands, this movie was a fun one-time experience with lots of stuff to enjoy. The best film of the DCCU by far as of now. (The Dark Knight doesn't count).	4
Awesome!! Wonder Woman was a great and thrilling film. Totally better than Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. I highly recommend it!!	5
Its a Victoria Secret ad with explosions.	2
Its a Victoria Secret ad with explosions.	2
t had all the pressure of the failures of Batman V. Superman: Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad, combined with the pressure of being the first big budget female-led and female-directed superhero movie, and Wonder Woman succeeded, in every way it could've. The perfect balance of humour, action, story, chemistry and wonder a superhero movie should have. It stays from the formulaic success of the MCU and pays homage to Donner's Superman movies (1 & 2). Gal Gadot finally displayed her acting chops surprising everyone but was bolstered even moreso with the great performances of her fellow castmates. Wonder Woman is the most popular female superhero on the planet and this movie did her justice (pun intended).	5
Gal Gadot makes for a formidable and still somewhat innocent Diana Prince, AKA Wonder Woman. The story is well flushed out and the action sequences shine. It is a bit over-the-top, as expected and overly long, but it is still one of the better super hero films.	3
This Movie was amazing I can watching this movie five times 6 times even.Vibrant Colors, Fantastic Plot, Splendid story. Gal Gadot Is Wonder Woman Compassionate, caring, And full of energy, I cant wait until there's a number 2.	5
Sho delicious. I absolutely loved this movie. Gal Gadot is perfect as Wonder Woman.	5
(Small spoilers ahead) A terrible failure. The movie is weighted down by a plethora of slow-motions and dramatic musics that void the scenes of any credibility. The main character, Princess Diana, makes bad decisions that the movie justifies by showing her determination. She's presented as a selfless defender of the innocents, and of peace. And yet, the movie doesn't go beyond a manichean illustration of "the good Allies vs the bad Germans" stereotype. Diana kills countless German soldiers whilst she had the power to save the conflict without harming them. But instead of reflecting on the idea that in war, the soldiers of both sides are victims, and that the Germans are not particularly evil, the movie shows them as expandable tokens. The villains of the movie are absolutely laughable, from the German authorities with their ridiculous evil laughs to Ares who's not intimidating at all. Same goes for the sidekicks, who are absolutely useless and are here just to show some diversity. I wouldn't even say this movie is really feminist. It has absolutely no subtlety in the messages it tries to convey, thus ruining the movie's pace (the scene where Diana tries new clothes) and drowning its message. She's supposed to be a strong independent woman and yet does not fail to fall in love with the first man she met in her hundreds of years of existence. A guy she mets for a few days, and still mourns a hundred years later. This movie offers absolutely no finesse in the messages it tries to convey, it contradicts itself and end up being nothing better than a collection of slow motions, explosions and grotesque clichés.	1
very good movie my kids and I both liked it alot	4
It was not as good as I thought it would be, but it was OK at best. One of those movies you would watch for free when it comes on HBO, etc. I will say though, the actress playing Wonder Woman is Beautiful! Worth a watch for sure.	3
Well, I prefer Marvel to DC, I'm not a big fan of era films, and I've certainly had enough of the Nazi as villains storyline... HOWEVER, this film overcomes all of that and presents a great origin story of sorts. Decent story, good action, good pace, and does a good job of balancing the humor/political messages (doesn't really cause any eye rolls- which easily could have happened with lazier film making)	3
I really enjoyed this film, but the over exaggeration of its excellence should stop. WW clearly borrowed and recycled the plot from Captain America-First Avenger, and watching WW rise from the bunker in the middle of WW2 was even more ridiculous than Captain America arriving to save the day. Can we just stop altogether using real wars in pretend movies? You know, where real people died gruesomely and did not have a super hero arrive to help out? Again, enjoyed the movie. Chris Pine was fantastic as well as Gal Gadot. The movie was funny, charming and entertaining. 3.7/5	3
Best DC movie in a few years	4
This was excellent. They had a lot of ground to cover while overcoming some serious double standards about a female saving the world in a male dominated genre. Gadot was perfect and looking forward to seeing what's next.	4
love the way it was told like a past storie	5
Well done! An impressive opener into a franchise that has been long neglected. Acting, SFX are all solid. Brava.	5
The movie is at its best when it focuses on the quieter character moments and when it embraces the weirder elements of the comics (the prominent use of the "Lasso of Truth" is wonderful) some of the action sequences are a little flat but that's to be expected.	3
In a world dominated by superhero movies, it's nice to see a refreshing take, with classic WWI style setting. Although the plot could have been a little less corny at times, it was overall one of the better superhero movies of this decade. The lead actress is gorgeous.	3
The DCEU had been at most, mediocre so far. Somehow every entry had gotten worse than the last. None of the films were able to capture the essence of the Dark Knight Trilogy. Wonder Woman is by far the most superior film in the DCEU. It captures almost everything right, with it's great sense of humor, breathtaking action sequences, and great chemistry between its two leads, Gal Gadot and Chris Pine. It's only flaw is it's CGI-heavy third act that takes you out of the what would be perfect film. Other than that, Wonder Woman is an amazing superhero film and is the best DC has had to offer since The Dark Knight Rises.	4
Amazing. It exceeded all my expectations. Great direction and great cast, especially on the part of Gal Gadot who incorporated his character very well and brought to life an adorable Wonder Woman. Without doubt, one of the best films of the year!	4
Cancerous, third wave feminism on full display. Hollywood has become a steaming pile of pooh.	2
Bad? No. Overrated as hell? Yes.	2
Good, but slow and 3 hours my god	3
Why is this movie so praised? Just another generic super hero film.	2
Action was amazing but everything after that was kinda boring. I didn't feel invested and the villain of the movie was so uninteresting. I want to like this movie more and I hope the dc movies get better but so far this one wasn't that good in my eyes.	2
?????????????????????????DC?????...???????????????????????????????????????	3
For the DCEU its brilliant the best film they have made so far, the story is amazing, makes you feel very empowered when leaving the cinema!	5
Captivating! Incredible performance from actress Gal Gadot. Wonder Woman is truly a smash hit.	5
A serviceable super-hero movie, but the chemistry between the two leads makes the movie even better.	3
It was decent but not as great as what people told me it would be.	2
Amazing movie, one of the bests superhero movies i saw in a long time, the scenes are so great and the actors are perfect on their characters.	5
Rating: 91%Gal Gadot shines as the titular heroine and Patty Jenkins provides dazzling direction for Wonder Woman as it shows off some impressive action and witty dialogue.	4
Really well done. Great pace, acting, direction, art direction, wardrobe, cinematography, scoring and vfx.	5
"It's not about deserve, it's about what you believe. And I believe in love." - Diana...awwwww	5
"DC Universe starts NOW."	3
Finally a D.C. Movie that has a plot from start to finish.	4
OMFG! Best DC Movie yet, and one hell of a soundtrack score and theme to go along with it!	5
'Wonder Woman' works on so many levels and has so many layers that it's impossible not to smile at least once. Masterfully crafted, and with a director and lead performance that makes this, in my opinion, the best comic book adaptation since 'The Dark Knight' (2008)!!!Score: 9.4/10	4
This film was many years in the making, and it was worth the wait! Not only is it one of the best Superhero movies ever, it's the definitely the best one of the DCEU Films so far. I hope Justice League delivers	4
Amazing in every sense of the word. Any young girl who dreamed of being a superhero in a male dominated genre will adore this movie and Gal Gadot.	5
Exceptional awesome theatrical movie... RIVETING. Definitely a must see!	5
Finally went to see Wonder Woman in the dollar theater.Out of ALL the reviews I read since this movie came out, not one of them....NOT ONE......ever, EVER mentioned that this is a COMEDY! A laugh riot, farcical comedy! OMG!!!! I haven't seen anything this hysterical since Liar Liar and Batman and Robin!!! All the "good" reviews out there make SO much sense now!!! The BAD acting! The screwed up Wonder Woman storyline! The inaccuracies GALORE!! The laughable and incorrect "accents"!!!! The FLAT CHESTED, DWARF woman playing the Amazon! The superlative BAD, BAD casting! OMG! Patty Jenkins is a COMEDIC MASTER!!! Besides the absolute brilliance at a hobbit Wonder Woman, David Thewlis as "Ares" was divine comedy perfection! To cast one of the best "C" grade actors in Britain as a "god" was indescribably the most brilliant comedic move to date! I laughed so hard, I almost pee'd my pants!!I think the ONLY actor in the whole movie who was trying to be serious, was the woman playing "Etta Candy"! She was MARVELOUS! She put everybody else to shame!This movie isn't billed as a comedy, so I fully expected some actual serious stuff. But after almost cracking a few ribs after watching this enormously hysterical comedy of errors, I can see now why so many people liked it.SUCH a good laugh! But I have to say, DC has destroyed Wonder Woman for me. And after being such a long time fan and collector, this just completely destroyed everything Wonder Woman stands for and fights for. But alas, even after getting such a good laugh out of this "movie", I still want my dollar back!	1
Another stupid super hero film	1
what a surprising movie. did not expect this type of movie at all. great directing, great writing, fantastic acting and a good script. great visuals you cared about almost every character well the good ones at least. Action was great. did not see this movie in theater because I did not believe the hype. And man of steel was OK at best. batman vs superman was a mess. suicide squad was complete trash. so didn't really want to see this from DC. boy was I wrong. my only little complaint is that it dragged a little in the middle and could of left a scene or two out. but what a fantastic movie. hats off DC and Warner Bros for this film. now Don't FU** up Justice League lol.	4
i was expeting much more of this movie. what a disappointment	2
It was ridiculous, I got bored after 40 min and never understand it is Hollywood or Bollywood movie!	1
A bit slow in the middle but finishes with a flourish. Chris PIne shines.	4
Quite possibly the best superhero movie of this decade, Wonder Woman delivers both style and substance. The challenge with live-action adaptations from comic books is providing adequate context and history without seeming excessive. This film does a magnificent job of dissecting Diana's past, giving the viewer a deeper understanding of what fuels her in the present. While some critics would argue the pace seems sluggish in the first half, movie-goers who are new to the franchise will appreciate the insight and character development. Ending with an adrenaline rush, it's easy to appreciate the fight sequences that appear in the final quarter! More importantly, director Patty Jenkins flawlessly captures the choreography without getting the viewer dizzy. Complimented with an impactful soundtrack, this high-intensity spectacle translates effortlessly. This film single-handedly revitalized my enthusiasm about superhero flicks. If you haven't already, give Wonder Woman a chance. It's pure Hollywood magic!	4
4/10.Not what I expected. Marvel is still better than DC. Poor plot and script.	2
Nice movie, see storyline setting up the rest of the movies. Good watch.	4
This movie was amazing!! The movie had it all. Well written and directed. I have been a fan of Wonder Woman since the original tv series, Gal Godot was amazing! If you haven't seen this movie buy or rent it now.	5
Saw this with the kids and we all loved it.	5
draw out drivel, how did this get such good reviews	2
"Thanks for bringing HER back."	3
How awesome do you need to be - no invisible jet though.	5
Perhaps CGI is the true star of this emotional ride?! Or did the comedy steal the show?! The fight sequences surely was of great support, and the belief of heroism compelled a cheer. Maybe trilogy packed into one movie? Interesting.	3
Great movie, can't wait for part 2!	5
This movie is Bomb and Wonder Woman is Beautiful! I love the writing, the plot, the gifting scenes. I loved IT!	5
I absolutely love this movie!	5
Really enjoyed this movie!	5
Loads of animations. Good for teenagers. Sleeper for most adults.	2
The only movie in my life I saw 4 times in the theater!!	5
Awkward dialogue, same old clichéd fight scenes. Really nothing new in this film except the hero's bare beauty which I found a little "distracting".	1
Finally, now lets see if DC can keep it up. Follow up with a new actor for Batman and Superman.	5
fantastic fun movie Gal makes a very convincing Wonder Woman. seen it multiple times very fantastic superhero movie	5
Finally a good DC movie and finally a Wonder Woman movie	4
Was super excited to see after all the high reviews. I felt betrayed and lied to. The movie is average at best and very slow paced.	1
meh. Just another typical butt kicking action girl like thousands of others with nothing to set her apart from the others.	2
I still don't agree with the casting, but Gadot does as good as she can in the role and it's completely charming and charismatic. The worries I had for this movie were snuffed out pretty quickly, it's a damn fine adaptation of Wonder Woman.	4
Best DC movie to date	4
It was AWESOME. One of the greatest superhero movies I've ever seen. I'm a superhero fanatic and before this movie, Wonder Woman was meh to me. But then when I saw this, Gal Gadot made Wonder Woman a bad ass. I highly recommend. This movie is sooooooo good. Top 10.	5
Girls can fight......for love.	3
Patty Jenkins ha hecho un increíble trabajo adaptando a wonder woman a la gran pantalla llenándola de increíbles coreografías y escenas de batalla, película recomendada al 100%	5
Best DC movie since The Dark Knight simple as that. It is also the first of the current DC movies that you don't need the extended edition for the movie to fix the plot holes and story issues. This is a movie that I would say see in theatres and if you don't like theatres I would buy it on blu-ray.	5
|It's an 8,0 out of 10|	4
Do I really have to be the asshole that says that this movie sucks?	1
Act 1 and Act 2 of the movie delivers what people didn't even know they wanted to see. Everyone asked for a decent Wonder Woman movie and Patty Jenkins, with the help of the amazing Gal Gadot, exceed expectations. Act 3 of the movie becomes a predictable CGI fest but ends well enough to not make you forget how close to perfection the rest of the movie was.	4
In one of the most disappointing movies of 2016, Batman vs Superman, Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman overshadowed the two titular characters and gave me some hope for the future solo Wonder Woman movie and DC cinematic universe after three mediocre films. No movie should have this much pressure on it, let alone the first superhero movie directed by a woman. As a result future female led blockbuster movies will be based on the success of this film. This is why its good to say that we didn't just get a good movie but a great one. The director Patty Jenkins made a beautiful looking movie with some breathtaking well made action set pieces. Jenkins successfully made a superhero feel very human with a genuine heart for humanity and all its faults. Gal Gadot has taken the Wonder Woman role and made it very much her own. Also, this movie works as well as it did because of Gadot and Pine's chemistry and how well they worked together. There is much more humor in this than the other DC outings but the humor never feels out of place and makes sense with the tone of the movie. My only problem with the movie was some parts of the third act as well as the villain. One last thing this movie does well is using Gregson-Williams score to make some of the scenes feel more epic and emotional. In my opinion this is the best DC related movie since Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight.	4
It was entertaining some comedy, some drama and action. This was an introduction for Diana Prince for upcoming future movies that includes Wonder Woman. Hopefully it would be as fun as this one.	4
First hour nothing happens. Then, the girl is ok, but how can she be inlove and he, is like some stupid shy guy in front of any random girl? Unbelievable. He should be the one that would look at her with devotion. But no. He's playing the part of the seduced. Unacceptable. Not only we have a girl that's feminine and has everything, but a guy who does not behave like a guy, instead he takes the part that should belong to her. That added to make it even more boring. Please. It's not awful, but it is boring, predictable and the story is not even profound. Just some common place rubbish.	1
The action and direction are at their finest!	4
On September 19, 2017, the Blu-ray edition of "Wonder Woman" was released. This is a review of that release, including all bonus features.MAIN FEATURE REVIEW"Wonder Woman" was a box-office smash ($814 million), and most critics adored it (Rotten Tomatoes: 92% and Metacritic: 76 out of 100.) In spite of this, I was ready to despise it. You see, comic-book-hero movies and I have a shaky history. While I was entertained by "Ant-Man," "The Avengers," "Watchmen," "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen," "The Rocketeer," and the first two installments of the Christopher Nolan "Batman" trilogy, I stopped watching the following films within the first half hour: "Avengers: Age of Ultron," "Logan," "Deadpool," "Kingsman: The Secret Service," and "Doctor Strange." Despite high expectations, none of these films worked for me. So it is an understatement to say I was overjoyed to discover that "Wonder Woman" was an exception. I totally dug it and have added it to my list of films to revisit down the road. If you, too, tend to choke on comic book adaptations, "Wonder Woman" might also work wonders for you. "Wonder Woman" opens in modern times but soon whisks us into a flashback that lasts nearly the whole movie. The story is split into three sections that are so distinct they seem to be lifted from three separate movies. Part One takes place on Themyscira, an idyllic island populated by the Amazons, a tribe of female warriors who are a holdover from the era when Greek gods ruled the day. In this origin tale, Diana (Gal Gadot), daughter of Queen Hippolyta (Connie Nielsen), demands - against her mother's fearful wishes - to study war craft at the feet of Antiope (Robin Wright), general of the Amazon army. The filmmakers employ a montage to document Diana's hard-won mastery of fighting skills as she transforms into a true Wonder Woman. Although often a cliché, the training montage is a mainstay of sports and martial arts films, and it works well here. As Diana completes her schooling, the utopic isolation of Themyscira is obliterated by the shock invasion of a platoon of machine-gunning World War I German soldiers in hot pursuit of Steve Trevor (Chris Pine), a spy who is desperate to get back to London to post proof that Germany has concocted a horrific weapon that will reverse its dismal fortunes of war.When Trevor brings Diana up to speed on the terrors of this War to End All Wars, she concludes that this blot in history must be the handiwork of none other than Ares, the Greek god of war who vanished ages ago. For Part Two of the movie, Diana accompanies Trevor to London and eventually to the trenches of the war front in Belgium. She believes her destiny - and the only way to save mankind - is a showdown with Ares. I found this second section the most satisfying and would have been pleased if the film had lingered here longer.But - darn it - there's just no avoiding the likes of Part Three: The Slam-Bang Slug Match between Diana and the Bad Ass Villain Ares. Once again - as in so many super-hero epics - the audience is inflicted here with a yawn-inducing battle between two powerhouses going head-to-head, toe-to-toe, cheek-to-jowl, and ass-over-tea-cup. As one would expect, this matchup employs an army of special effects artisans, chewing up and spitting out eighteen minutes of screen time as well as untold millions of bucks. If a similar fight-to-the-death scene had occurred near the beginning of the film, I might have been tempted to pull the plug. But the one factor that makes this super-slugfest palatable is the smart dialogue that Ares and Diana toss off between death blows. These exchanges help us grasp why Diana ultimately decides to continue her selfless service to mankind ... even when she sometimes doubts if mankind is worth it. Alas, after we wind down our two-hour jaunt into Flashback Land and return to modern times, it becomes clear that Diana's adventures in the "Wonder Woman" franchise will not likely take place in the past. As with "Captain America: First Avenger" and "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen," I enjoy the backdrop of a bygone world comic-hero adaptations way more than those set in the contemporary era. But the positive upshot is that after a long dry spell - I succeeded in finding yet one more super-hero movie I could savor from beginning to end. I had forgotten what a joy that is.----------------------------------------------------BONUS FEATURES OF BLU-RAY EDITION OF "WONDER WOMAN"Notes: There is no director's commentary. With the exception of "Finding the Wonder Woman Within," I rate all the extras 5 stars out of 5.EPILOGUE: ETTA'S MISSIONDuration: 2:41 minutesMany super-hero films sneak in teaser scenes after the credits to reward those who endured eight minutes of squinting at tiny print. These bonuses provide tantalizing glimpses into the futures of the franchises. Although there is no "Easter egg" scene at the end of "Wonder Woman," "Etta's Mission" sure plays like one.Etta Candy (Lucy Davis) conducts a meeting in a pub with the quirky comrades who journeyed to the front with Steve and Diana: Chief Napi (Eugene Brave Rock), Charlie (Ewen Bremner), and Sameer (Saïd Taghmaoui). After informing them she is their new boss, Etta maps out plans for their next mission. This scene gives a glimmer of hope that the next "Wonder Woman" might again take place in the early 1900s.CRAFTING THE WONDER16:20 min.* Director Patty Jenkins talks about the filmmakers' solemn pledge to do justice to the Wonder Woman tradition.  * Cinematographer Matthew Jensen explains that John Singer Sargent's use of color and light inspired the "look" of the "Wonder Woman" film. Sargent was a portrait painter whose later career coincided with the World War I years. *Set decorator Anna Lynch-Robinson talks about the pains-taking design of the Amazon weaponry. *Rather than build a city street set from scratch, the filmmakers shut down London traffic for three hours to use the natural setting around Trafalgar Square to reenact the Armistice Day celebration. * Actor Danny Huston (General Erich Ludendorff) sums up the film artists' relentless attention to detail, saying that each setting is "... a rich tapestry where you don't see the stitching."A DIRECTOR'S VISION: THEMYSCIRA - THE HIDDEN ISLAND4:55 min.Director Patty Jenkins talks about why the Amalfi Coast and the city of Matera, Italy match her vision of the idyllic island of Themyscira.A DIRECTOR'S VISION: BEACH BATTLE4:56 min.The filmmakers discuss the difficulties in making it look plausible that an army of women with spears and arrows can successfully defend their island against World War I weapons. A DIRECTOR'S VISION: A PHOTOGRAPH THROUGH TIME5:07 min.(Note: This bonus is my favorite. It boggles my mind, and I'll be thinking about it for some time.)In the opening and closing scenes of "Wonder Woman" Diana muses over a century-old picture of herself and Steve, Chief, Charlie, and Sameer. To create this photo, the filmmakers did not merely digitally age a modern snapshot. Instead, they used an obsolete method called wet-collodion glass that is kept alive today by a handful of practitioners. The picture was taken and processed by collodion expert Stephen Berkman. The average viewer would never notice the difference between an artificially aged photograph and a real-deal collodion ... but the filmmakers refused to take that chance. And I love them for it.A DIRECTOR'S VISION: DIANA IN THE MODERN WORLD4:39 min. In this segment we look at the clash of cultures between the ancient and the modern worlds as Diana tries to make sense of the hubbub, customs, and fashion of early 20th-century London. (Example: she mistakes a corset for armor.)A DIRECTOR'S VISION: WONDER WOMAN AT WAR4:58 min.This segment deals with the challenge of authentically staging the World War I battle scenes. We learn that the movie set constructed for the town of Veld, Belgium was so realistic that many viewers refuse to believe the "buildings" are false fronts.WARRIORS OF WONDER WOMAN9:53 min.Here we see the cast of Amazon fighters develop deep comradery as they sweat their way through rigorous workouts together months before Day One of shooting. The women come from a multitude of athletic disciplines, including professional boxing. THE TRINITY16:05 min.The origins of the DC Trinity (Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman) are compared to each other. The positive image of Wonder Woman is contrasted with the others' darker beginnings, making clear the roots of Wonder Woman's attitude of looking for the best in everyone.THE WONDER BEHIND THE CAMERA15:34 min.Despite pervasive male domination of the film industry, the crew of "Wonder Woman" was about one-half women, starting at the top with director Patty Jenkins. We see a group of adolescent women, all film industry hopefuls, tour the movie set. They are heartily welcomed by Jenkins and all the department heads, who encourage their guests to vigorously pursue their dreams. There is speculation that the kindness paid these young women that day will inspire them to persevere and someday break into their chosen fields. Time will tell. Patty Jenkins sums up her thoughts on "Wonder Woman: "It's about, 'How do we take a hero who doesn't really [get a] thrill out of violence but put her in a world where her power can make a difference?'"FINDING THE WONDER WOMAN WITHIN23 min.(Note: This is my least favorite Blu-ray bonus feature. It flat-out does not work.)The hearts of the filmmakers were in the right place for this short film, but I cannot recommend it. There are snippets of young poets interspersed throughout the film. They recite from their works, echoing the themes of "Wonder Woman": Grace, Empathy, Courage, etc. There are also brief interviews with people from many walks of life, some from the worlds of film and comic books, while others are women who excel in male-dominated fields (politics, business, race-car driving, etc.) I agree completely with the philosophy of this segment, but I have problems with the film itself. It is heavy-handed and preachy. And too long.DELETED SCENESThese five deleted scenes hammer home the fact that filmmaking is painful. Taken separately, all these scenes work. But if they had not been excised, the film's total run-time would have been out of hand. It must have hurt, but these scenes clearly needed axed.ALTERNATE SCENE: WALK TO NO MAN'S LANDHere we have a brief sequence where Diana is informed why the group journeying to No Man's Land must hike in single file. This deleted scene is funny but also sobering. (No, I won't play the spoiler and tell you why single-file is mandatory. Watch it yourself and enjoy.)BLOOPER REELThe extra features finish off with the usual dessert: a gag reel with clips of actors screwing up and breaking character. There is lots of mugging here. Funny ... but I never find bloopers, well, funny.	5
Awesome movie! I will buy it when it comes out.	5
Although the action sequences were fantastic and there were a couple heartfelt moments, I felt the movie was just lacking in general. Also, her nemesis - Ares (God of War) wasn't convincing. Even though he was in disguise, I think they chose the wrong actor for the job. 3D: I purchased the 3D bluray disc set, looking forward to watching a great 3D movie based on reviews. Frankly, the 3D was completely lackluster. There were barely any noticeable 3D segments and what was there, was just not popping out at all. I like Gal Gadot and Chris Pine; they are great actors. Yet the bond between them wasn't fleshed out enough for my liking. What really irked me was using english speaking Germans. Come on - there's nothing wrong with using German actors with english sub-titles. Do you think your audience is really that impatient/lazy to put up with reading? I realize this is a comic book world, but it really detracts from the immersion. The music and sound effects were great, very well done. I'd watch it again, just for the action sequences, but don't expect it to be a stellar movie in particular area. I was expecting more, but I'm left with a satisfactory feeling.	3
The movie has depth, action, humor, emotion, "Wonder", you name it! With every action scene, especially the ones with her theme, I was constantly on the edge of my seat, and when it was over, it left me wanting more! Gadot marvels as Diana Prince/Wonder Woman, Thewlis has made Ares in to an iconic movie villain. His performance belongs there at the top with Hopkins Lecter. Ares has finally been portrait properly on film, he has earned his place between the big boys in movie villain kingdom. This is the true Ares every DC fan knows, loves and fears. Thewlis deserves any and every movie award known to man for this brilliant display!Jenkins has made her "I will always be remembered" movie, this is the crown-jewel in her portfolio. Perfect directing, perfect story, perfect balance between action and drama, everything is perfect. Even if you hate DCEU, you will love this film. If you don't, then something is "Definitely" wrong with you!!!	5
The director successfully resisted the overwhelming pressure of modern cinema by not portraying wonder woman as a feminist icon, despite the great opportunity at hand. The movie is thus rewarded with a fresh female hero that goes beyond the game of genders.	3
Comic book movies tend to focus too much on grim atmosphere, or somber characters, or the destruction of heroism for the sake of the anti-hero. What this movie does is establish that there are truly good people in the world, that there are others than can be redeemed, and that goodness can make significant change in other's lives. Unfortunately, it wraps it in such cringe-worthy plot cheesiness that it cheapens its message.This movie raises several questions that I think it does not answer. The plot behaves poorly as a whole, instead relying on the poor memory of its viewers, who hopefully forget that the characters behaved illogically considering what they are revealed to know. And this has to be all part of the extended DC universe? This plot line is bizarre enough as it is, but having to find a way to put it in the Batman and Superman universe makes some of the weird plot choices even stranger.The visual effects were boring and silly, especially in their overuse. I got so tired of seeing Wonder Woman frozen in the air, mid-jump. Why did the slow-motion effect seem to occur only during the moments where nobody was doing anything? Seriously, watch what happens each time: (normal speed) a character jumps in the air (slow motion) the character remains in one pose as he or she jumps through the air (normal speed begins) the character completes the jump and punches the character. Great-the boring parts of the move were extended, and the interesting bits were given less attention.Also, if Wonder Woman can block that many bullets with her wrists, then she must look like a bizarre blur in regular motion. I think that the designers realized that they made a character so strange in real time that they were forced to put her in slow motion at all times to avoid going in to even greater cheesiness.This film got good ratings, but I don't know why. It lacks depth, a good plot, believable characters, and good visuals. It feels silly. It feels dumb.	1
great work Patty Jenkins.superhero movie of the year.	5
Best superhero movie in years. great work Patty Jenkins.	5
Best superhero movie in years. great work Patty Jenkins.	5
made me feel feels, but not even the best comic book movie of this year. a drastic improvement over previous DCEU movies	3
Best movie of the Year!!!	5
I did not want to like this movie. It against my wishes, Gil Gadot and Chris Pine took me on a ride that I genuinely enjoyed. A predictable film made great by the people in it.Just a great, fun film.	4
amazing movie #mustsee	5
After my disappointment with Man of Steel and Batman v Superman, and my distaste for Suicide Squad, I thought the DCEU will never find its footing, until I saw the latest and best entry, Wonder Woman.The first 10 minutes had all the trappings of a superhero origin movie that left a bad taste in my mouth, but the movie quickly picks up the pace when we're introduced to Steve Trevor (Chris Pine).Gal Gadot and Chris Pine are both very likeable and charismatic, and they both have great chemistry. They shine together when Diana becomes a fish out of water and Chris Pine shows her the ropes while also providing some comic relief.I don't know very much about Wonder Woman as I'm not a comic book fan, but Gal Gadot embodies everything I wanted in a superhero. She's may be naive, but she's also inspirational, courageous, and cares very much for human life (take note Man of Steel). Gal Gadot portrayed Wonder Woman beautifully. She's very much a superhero, not so much an actress pretending to be a superhero.The best part about this movie (and this is honestly so refreshing) is that there are NO DCEU SETUPS. There are a few tie-ins to the universe, but throughout most of the movie, I completely forgot it was even part of the DCEU. It helps that Wonder Woman was set nearly a century before any of the DCEU movies. Instead of trying to setup several movies like Batman v Superman, Wonder Woman focuses on being an enjoyable standalone superhero movie, making it accessible for those who have not yet been exposed to the cancerous DCEU.There are some amazing set-pieces that are also complimented by one of the best themes I've heard in a superhero movie (the same theme can be heard in Batman v Superman). These action scenes were shot very well with some nice use of slo-mo shots, making the action scenes more epic and memorable and less repetitive and boring than what we saw in Suicide Squad.The lighthearted and uplifting tone is so refreshing to see in a DC movie. It shows that not every comic book movie has to be dark or would even work with a darker approach. It may have taken notes from Richard Donner rather than Christopher Nolan (which has been the blueprint for DC movies prior to Wonder Woman), but it's still a very serious movie about WWI. It's fun and enjoyable, and doesn't try too hard to be dark and gritty to the point where it becomes depressing and pretentious (like the rest of the DCEU movies).Wonder Woman is a very feminist film. By feminist, I don't mean man-hating or men are inferior kind of feminism (the kind you could see in the remake of Ghostbusters). It's just a film where the hero has boobs and she kicks ass. That's it, and there's nothing wrong with that. If that makes women feel empowered, good for them, but Wonder Woman is also enjoyable for men as well (such as myself). Chris Pine isn't completely useless either. He's often very heroic as he often leads the team and helps Diana during battle.I only have a few problems with the movie, but these are very big problems (aside from the first 10 minutes of the film). It keeps having one of the worst mistakes I keep seeing in recent superhero movies. Instead of staying simple and grounded like the rest of the movie in the third act, it just goes for all out CGI explosions and destruction. Zack Snyder has often been blamed for ruining DC movies, and he continues to do so as he's the producer of the film. The third act is essentially the same thing we saw in the third act of Batman v Superman.The third act set-piece does work better in Wonder Woman because it has characters that we care about, but it's still over-the-top and a visual mess at times, as some of the green effects were amateurish. There's a scene where Wonder Woman dashed through multiple soldiers, and it looked ridiculous.The villain was also underwritten, and the reveal also fell flat. It's more interesting to see a superhero movie where the hero and the villain knows of each other's existence, and there's a rivalry or conflict between them. In Wonder Woman, the villain was pretty much absent for the majority of the film. That's all I can say without giving anything away.Overall, Wonder Woman is a typical superhero origin movie, but a really good one. Jeremy Irons said Justice League would be "smaller" and "more linear", and since that has worked out well for Wonder Woman, I now have high expectations for Justice League, especially with Joss Whedon taking over post-production for Zack Snyder. I don't think it's better than Logan, but Wonder Woman is by far one of the best superhero movies since the beginning of the MCU.	3
After watching all the Super 'Hero' movies on my husband's list finally time to watch a chick kick some a-- ! And kick a@@ she does and great movie. Gal Gadot is a gem and thanks for showing that girls can rock too !!!	5
Go watch Captain Underpants instead.	1
Best of the DC universe so far.	4
Wonder Woman was not the best I thought there was not a lot of action and fighting. There where funny parts in the movie. So how I see this movie is like a Origin story about Wonder Woman. I think the will make a second one	3
One of the BEST comic movies ever.	5
A much needed win for the DCU, Wonder Woman showcases a wonderful performance from both Gal Gadot and Chris Pine, and offers a refreshingingly deep origin story that has been lacking in recent superhero films, even when the cliche villains drain the tension.	4
Solid movie with great writing & a great story. A big step up for the DCEU. Only thing that bothered me was the amount of slow motion scenes, they were cool at first but then it just got tiring.	3
When will I stop believing hype? This film started off very strong and from the moment Steve Trevor enters it is all downhill. No one tells Diana what to do, and yet she cows to Steve every. single. timw! And from about 45 minutes in, the film becomes super boring.	2
10/10 would sneak in again.	5
Good movie? Yes. Great movie? Kind of. Deserving of all of the hype it is getting? Not so much. The best femal led superhero movie? Maybe. It was a good movie, and I will not deny it that. It was not, however, this masterpiece of filmmaking that people are making it out to be. It was first of all, predictable. It was cookie-cutter for the most part with a villain that was as pain-by-numbers as one would expect. The acting was above par, and the direction was top-notch, but there was something missing in the execution of the story. It seemed to slow significantly after leaving the island, and that was its downfall for me. The pacing did not match the material in a lot of places, and too many of those places saw pacing disappear as the flow felt like a frozen river. it forced too much into the movie, a lot of which could have waited for a sequel. Chris Pine was used well, but his part of the movie ended disappointingly for me. There were so many other ways to treat that character. While I loved the movie and the opportunity to see the heroine on screen, it was not this brilliant and remarkable movie that redefines film. It was a superhero movie that played just like one.	3
I really don't get the hype. It was boring, cheesy at times, and too long with a dumb plot. It's way overrated in my opinion. Just blah and I'm glad I didn't see it in theaters.	1
Actually VERY impressed, didn't expect it to be a novie I would enjoy watching more than once, amazing actress much better than the movie she first appeared in, so far DC came on weak with superman and has gotten progressively better with each movie. Still a marvel fan just wasn't that impressed by the last guardians, I was happy watching that once and wish I just rented that one when I always buy marvel movies.	5
Wonder Woman goes with a hopeful storyline which is a departure from the DCEU's normal style. The film's colorful style won me over. The final act loses momentum but the film makes up for it.	4
Best comic movies I've seen in a long time.	5
"Wonder Woman" is the answer to the DC universe's prayers. It focuses on telling a story without trying to be edgy/trendy. It takes its time to develop Diana, as well as the world around her. As the film progresses, you see her grow into the character she was destined to be as she breaks past her naive perspective on how the world and the humans within it work, and it was nice to see a basic super hero flick with some depth. Most of the action sequences are polished and entertaining, but sometimes they bring a touch of reality to a scene, and play an integral part to her growth. Sadly the climax turns into the usual, with a villain encounter that undermines what the film was trying to accomplish with his cheesy performance and light show of a battle. There were also drawn out jokes and scenes that wasted precious screen time, but it manages to end strong despite, and I still say it's a step in the right direction for the genre. It's time for less trends, and more good story telling.	3
Was well done, only gripe I have is the villain wasn't wrote very well, should have spent some money and made him more engaging	3
For the life of me, I cannot fathom how the RT Critic Score is as high as 92%. It has its moments, and it did manage to hold my interest through til the end, but there is so much thoughtless, even soulless, drivel in this flick, I found myself far too often removed from my immersion into the fantasy world that is DC Comics with thoughts of "Really? That's the best the writers could do?"Other reviewers have noted one of my major gripes with the movie; for all the girl power we're supposed to be lauding, any wins for feminism ring hollow as the plot hinges on Diana's superficially idyllic feelings for Pine's character. Also, Pine ultimately portrays the hero of the film more so than Gadot is permitted to do. Let's also not forget the obvious eye candy we're given to get the boys' butts in the seats.Then there's the supposed Amazonian pacifism that immediately drops whenever the Germans are on screen, clumsy pacing, CGI movements of WW in battle that stick out like a sore thumb, and the so-contrived-it-hurts plot points executed much like pounding a puzzle piece into a place it doesn't fit. It's a shame, because there was much potential, but all the supposed-to-be-big moments only fell flat.	2
Completely charming, wonderous, lovingly crafted, and even progressive in the way it tackles dark, violent subject matter seriously as a backdrop to what are more traditional super heroics. Gal Gadot is an absolute revelation and Chris Pine delivers in a surprisingly satisfying and pivotal role. "Wonder Woman" pretty much has it all. It's a shining light in the crowd of an over saturated superhero-obsessed movie market. It at the very least deserves a spot in any conversation regarding the best superhero stories yet captured on film.	4
Absolutely fantastic! Gal Gadot was really fantastic as Wonder Woman! Chris Pine and David Thewlis did great performance too! Female director Patty Jenkins created clever, thrilling, spectacular, dynamic, wonderful and deeply moving Greek God action fantasy adventure! Climax was unbelievably exciting, loud and amazing! Finally I saw great DC comic Universe movie and I really enjoyed it!	4
Amazing, exciting, and WONDERFUL!	4
Finally!! An outstanding D.C. Movie	5
In my Top Ten greatest movies ever made!	5
terrific,action packed fantasy movie ,that too in female lead.	5
"Wonder Woman" is a dammed good superhero movie and I'll even go as far as saying it's one of the best superhero movies of this wave. After the horrific film that was "Suicide Squad" and the Mediocre film that was "Batman V Superman" I didn't have super high expectations when this was announced. But as soon as I saw the trailers, everything changed. "Wonder Woman" is certainly a triumph. The Plot to "Wonder Woman" is, before she was Wonder Woman she was Diana, princess of the amazons, trained warrior. But everything changes when a pilot, Steve Trevor, crashes into the ocean in the Themyscria, home of Diana. They then learn from the pilot the conflict of the outside world. Diana then leaves home against her Mothers will to go fight in the war to end all war. Not only does Diana learn new things about the outside world she starts to discover her full powers and true destiny. The Directing of this film was by far the best Directing I've seen so far in 2017. "Patty Jenkins" does a sensational job with everything Directing wise and I wouldn't be to surprised if I see her name on the nomination list for "Best Director" at the Oscars. The acting in "Wonder Woman" is also the most charming acting I've seen this year from both "Gal Gadot" and "Chris Pine". "Gal Gadot" does an exceptional job at making Diana feel like a real person with emotions unlike many other super-hero's *cough cough* Batman. "Chris Pine" also does a sensational job as Steve Trevor and I would even go as far as saying it's his movie as much as it is Gal's. Even for the small about of screen time "Robin Wright" has, she defiantly makes the most of it and I think does an even better job in playing Antiope in this film then she does her character in "House of Cards". The Screenplay for this film I feel is very underrated, I see media highlighting how good "Patty Jenkins", "Gal Gadot" and "Chris Pine" is but I never hear anyone praising the writer "Allan Heinberg" for his exceptional screenplay. Every single action by the characters is super unpredictable and the dialogue was some of the best dialogue in a superhero film I've ever seen. I didn't find anyone of the characters slightly annoying in fact I liked every single one of the characters, mostly Diana, Steve and Antiope. All of the main characters had development, especially Wonder Woman. But that's expected because its her origin story. The action scenes in the movie where so incredible that I think they deserve their own category. There is this one action sequence which involves the 'No mans land' between the 2 enemy's trenches. Every single second of that scene was so magnificent that the whole theatre was so silent not a sound could be heard (from the audience). Even after that amazing sequence "Wonder Woman" still has many amazing action sequences under its sleeve except maybe 1 to little. The Score for this film composed by "Rupert Gregson-Williams" works extremely well with the film but maybe not amazing to listen to alone. The production design for this film is again amazing and brings so much colour into the movie not only in the Themyscria but, believe it or not, London as well. I think the production design as well as the costume design which was also very good could be nominated for Oscars. If I have to name a flaw with the film it would be the visual effects and lack of action in the 2nd act. Some of the effects even looked like they where made in 2009 and then others looked stunning. Overall "Wonder Woman" brings us one of the best superhero films made in the new wave of superhero films and is certainly the best in the DCEU. It has amazing direction from "Patty Jenkins" and exceptional acting from "Gal Gadot", "Chris Pine" and "Robin Wright". It has an amazing and underrated screenplay and very likeable characters with one of the best action scenes in superhero history. I give 2017's "Wonder Woman" a 8.5/10.	4
Way better than I expected it to be but still not even close to being a good movie. The action sequences were horrendously obvious CGI and the slow motion was unnecessary and super annoying. Almost everything in this movie was trash except for the performances of Wonder Woman and the army guy.	2
Quality film with lots of heart with a great story.	4
Although entertaining for the most part but the mixture of story elements is a mess!	2
Engaging and enjoyable action flick. Not jaw dropping, but a good, fun story throughout.	3
The action in the movie is great but the dialogue was generic and boring. None of the characters ever said anything interesting. I didn't really care for any of the characters.	3
2.5 hours with 2.4 hours of dialogue.	1
Amazing! Stunning! Beautiful! Powerful! Full of Heart! All these and more describe this movie and the people that made it happen.	4
Amazing. Watched it twice in the theatre. The scene of no mans land is cinematic history. Beautifully shot and Wonder Woman is mesmerizing.	5
I thought Batman vs Superman was the worst superhero movie I have seen till I saw Wonder Woman	1
Omg this is the most incredible, awesome movie ever! I give it one thousand stars and ten million thumbs up!!	5
Surprise surprise... this was like a nibble on a whole lotta genres led by a gourmet Heroine.	4
4 1/2 out of 5 stars! Terrific film! Hands down the best DC Cinematic Universe film, so far! This is even better than many of the Marvel Cinematic Universe films. It was very similar to that of "Captain America: The First Avenger", which for me is a good thing since that is my favorite Captain film and one of my very favorite Marvel Cinematic Universe films! I also loved this because I love Greek mythology. Beyond all of that, it was just a well written, well put together film that was emotional and funny at the same time. Wonder Woman finally got a film and it was the film she deserved! This will certainly be towards the top of my year-end list.	4
Interesting take on the whole superhero thing.	4
Descent movie with okay 3D. The next Wonder woman movie should be much better	3
Actually 4.5 Have seen it twice so far. Amazing story, acting, special effects, etc. Makes it all the more real being set in WWI.	4
I was pleasantly surprised, It's a shame that the DC movie universe can't seem to figure out their other heroes. This was fun and entertaining.	4
One of the best movies of the summer. Gal Godot and the rest of the cast do an amazing job bringing the beloved comic characters to the big screen. Great action, adventure, and comedy. Finally a D.C. Comic movie that hit all the right marks	5
Beauty, strength, goodness, bravery	4
Love Wonder Woman! This is such a great movie! People complained about it "not being American enough" but it's not supposed to be American. She's a hero that's it. She fights for life. The only thing I didn't care for was the villain. I feel they could've done better or gone in a different direction.	4
Considering DC is not one of my favourite super hero company's I appreciate this film on a level of 4...4 stars it looks incredible and well made	4
What needs to be said?! It was fantastic. The DC universe is good to go!!! Bring on 'The Justice League!!!'	5
She's a superhero who happens to be female, done without turning her into a princess, great storyline.	5
Excellent movie. Go see it or rent it now.	5
The best movie I have ever seen. The casting was perfect, especially that of Gal Gadot as Diana. Most importantly, the action sequences were well done and not too over the top considering the character origins. There was a clear plot developed, and it involved great character growth along with some fun twists. The movie also managed to meld two genre's with a well known Superheroine at the helm in the middle of a war setting. Having the movie taking place during WWI was a great way to differentiate Wonder Woman from other superhero movies, while giving a great origin story. The setting was also entertaining as most war movie's choose WWII over WWI. However, the definitive highlight is the strong female lead which the superhero genre - and movie's in general - have lacked for a very long time. It set a standard that will be very difficult to surpass. Well worth a watch. Highly recommended for everyone.	5
this movie was amazing and i say it deserves a grammy	5
Amazing up until the generic Superman like ending	4
The best superhero movie I have ever seen. All woman, and of course also men should watch this. Total girlpower. Love it.	5
The movie is entertaining, but no more than your average Marvel flick. Few action sequences, slow paced, most of the characters are terribly miscast, including Nielsen and Wright. The worst issue is Gadot herself, coming out as an extremely inadequate Wonder Woman in comparison with the comics. A reboot should come sooner than later.	2
Brain food for dirt. Uninspired. Who's buying these ratings?	1
HANDS DOWN AMAZING!!!!	5
Wonder Woman is a Great film Especially for girls of all ages. A great plot for wonder woman, Nice Visual effects, an Amazing war scene, and a Great performance by Gal Gadot. Some of the other characters are a bit forgettable. But Wonder woman is a Spectacular movie that is a must watch.	4
one of my favorite super hero movies	5
I love Gal Gadot. She is amazing just like wonder woman. Great praises for the director, producer and all the cast! I even downloaded the movie already. When is wonder woman 2 coming up? Go see it. Great for kids to see and with great moral lessons for all.	5
I personally feel that this movie was the best movie ever, its action scenes in it are amazing, awesome and bad ass. I hope Director Patty Jenkins would much much better in the next Wonder Woman sequel. However, there are also lots of action scenes fighting the German soldiers, Ares and many more. Really can't wait for the next sequel to be much much much much better with even more FIGHTING SCENES, NEW VILLAINS, etc.	4
Not impressed. Movie was to long to be a little boring. I expected a lot more from a superhero movie in the day and age. The days of a hundred men shooting at you and all bullets are aimed straight at your head where you can block them are gone, at least I thought so.	2
A rare master piece. I loved the soundtrack, acting and story. Honestly I loved it. Which is very rare for me. Seriously ignore my spelling and go watch/buy this movie.	5
For a "comic book movie" its not bad by all means. Gadot stands out here.. she definitely steals the show. The story is bare bones... quite simple... and the final like many movies like this is kind of flashy and dumb... Nevertheless I think this one is above average of his kind.	3
One of the best of 2017!	5
Cheesy as hell and dodge CGI. I don't see the sexual chemistry either. Overhyped.	2
Only thing charismatic was Gal Gadot's performance, mostly the action sequences. Comedy of socially unawareness of Diana was way too much, it bored me in the first half of the film. Supposed to be a feminist movie, and yet Wonder Woman being unable to figure out and blend in human crowd was just contradicting; it made her look like a pretty dumb doll who need to be mansplained about everything. Romance between Diana and Steve was forced, which was annoying. Hence, on the superhero front, no this wasn't good.	2
This is what a superhero/comic movie should be. Excellent acting, excellent story, excellent development, excellent directing. I cannot think of anything bad to say about it.	5
Some good action and character moments but too many digital humans flopping about. We still can't make good organic CGI lifeforms.	3
So awesome! Everything was great!	5
An unchallenging story but one led by a fresh and powerful role-model.	4
Just as good as Captain America.	3
Not as good as the original	1
Good for how DC has been doing but nothing spectacular that Marvel hasn't already done.	2
Wonder Woman, played by the mighty Gal Gadot, is a role model we need. Here is a strong female protagonist who can be badass and childlike at the same time. Gadot embodies her with a naivety and idealism, an innate goodness that is challenged by the dire surroundings she faces. She also has sparkling chemistry with Chris Pine who delivers a strong performance himself. I just wish our Wonder Woman had a more developed adversary to deal with.	4
Perfection if it wasn't stale at certain moments	4
one of the best superhero movie I've ever ever seen. gal seems to fit perfectly into this role. i can't see anyone else playing instead of her.	5
excellent, Fantastic!in DC movie universe there is only bad movies with exception of Wonder Woman that is a good movie, DC makes a epic return after the failure of last yearthe plot is good, the action scenes are insane, the construction of origin of the Wonder Woman it is very intersting.Gal Gadot was the right choice for the rule of Wonder Woman, she does an excellent work that surprises! another actor that also work well it is Cris Pine.the movie hold you until the end.i loved this movie , it is one of the best of the year ! Wonder Woman is the best movie of DC movie universe. i recommended a lot this movie Enviado do Email para Windows 10	5
Let's hope DC can turn it around with this one.	4
Bestest super hero feminist movie I have EVER seen better than Catwoman I love that they went with Gal Gidget to play Wonder Woman ??	5
The overall movie is dissapointing compared to the exciting introduction of the character in Batman vs Superman. The movie doesn't live up to it's original promise. It is far too plot heavy for an action movie and the plot itself has some annoying pitfalls. There is too much string work and slow-mo's when the action finally does get under way. The movie is not bad but it is dissapointing. I think it would have been better if Wonder Woman just kicked a serious amount of Nazi butt throughout the majority of the movie and that would have made a better film. Gal Gadot is alluring and has a screen prescence. I'm looking forward to seeing where the character goes in future installments but this movie was a missed opportunity.	3
DC Comics' Wonder Woman is Not Only that it is one of the best Superhero Films of the Summer Yet...it will be the Best of all Time...Period.	5
really looking forward to this movie loved how 'WW' was portrayed in 'Batman V Superman' This origin story appears to be similar to Captain America's origin story I think the big WWI movie was 'War Horse' idk if this will get the Lynda Carter version out of my head I heck I was 9-10-11 when that was on TV. MeTV has it on Saturday nights there are two Lynda Carter versions one during WWII with Steve Trevor Sr and one in late 70s with Steve Trevor Jr.Chris Pine looks like a good choice as Trevor I know 2 hrs and 15 minutes seems long but the unrated version of 'BATMAN v Superman' was 3 hrs.let's hope it's as good as we want it to be.The Director also directed 'Monster' that Charlize Theron won an Oscar for playing a hooker who killed 8 of her Johns was one the last women to be executed that was a very good movie so hopefully that continues.	4
The best DCEU movie this far, still a piece of crap.	1
It was a fantastic movie . Everything I wanted and more . I'm so glad to see such a strong female lead on the screen and in real life.	5
Pretty good, but kinda slow in the middle there eh?	3
Gal Gadot se roba tu atención desde el primer minuto, pero no logra ocultar las numerosas debilidades que tiene Wonder Woman, que fuese aclamada por su (importantísimo) discurso, pero olvidando que al fin y al cabo esto es cine. Pasará a la historia por lo icónica, pero tiene poco que destacar.	2
Honestly, I almost fell asleep in the first 45 or so minutes .. got a little better , I really enjoyed the action scenes and the scenes where WW kicks total ass , but really thought it was overrated , and was disappointed..	2
Thank god this is a great movie. The best Dc film since the Dark Knight.	4
Ironic that the once almost destroyed character of the DCEU is now saving DC comics and the future of DC comics movies. A unique take on a character that has had a past with a variety of film related roles. Gadot has a screen presence that promotes passion and positivity, the perfect combination for her role as Wonder Woman. Add her comfortable chemistry with Pine, and this movie checks almost all the boxes. However, this film falls short of perfection, as it stretches it's final battle scene for much too long. The film was focused on character development and the interesting relationship between Gadot and Pine, but it misses the mark when it places 30 minutes of focus on a final fighting scene that is disconnected from the main core of the film.	4
Pretty good movie with a decent story line and action scenes. Worth a watch.	4
It's absolutely brilliant!!	5
The beginning was epic with the Amazons and the slow motion scenes. Rest of the movie was pretty good too but I was too busy being annoyed by the leading actors, I couldn't really feel the intensity.	3
A failed mix between a war movie (as already seen in Captain America) and some mythology themes (already seen in Thor), with a strong lead role, some incredible scenes and an amazing, but at moments bad and exaggerated, display of CGI.	3
Excellent movie and it certainly shut the mouths of doubters and haters who thought Gal Gadot was wrong for the part. She was great as Wonder Woman. Saw it twice.	5
I have to admit, i never wanted to watch this movie to begin with. However, I fell in love with the characters and plot. Then again, it isn't the perfect movie, for there are a large reliance on green screens and a boring beginning.	3
Flashy and fun, I'm certainly happy to see a lead superheroine. But it wasn't groundbreaking or surprising, and a leading lady that runs around in a skimpy outfit is certainly not breaking Hollywood stereotypes by much.	3
No Man's Land was epic.	4
Very good movie and Gal Gadot was great.	5
The tiny actress who played Wonder Woman was not believable as an Amazon.	3
Best DC movie in recent times! Waiting for 2nd part!! ??	5
Chris Pine dies at the end. That's great because his acting sucked and he had no chemistry with Gal. Ludendorff isn't Ares -- Ares is Dave Thewlis aka Sir Patrick. Wonder Woman kills him at the end, of course, because she is all about peace and love. There is some good stuff in this movie about how horrible human beings are and how they don't deserve someone as good as Diana.	2
While enjoyable, it was also totally predictable and not hugely original. Basically it was Captain America with a woman in World War One instead of a man in World War Two. Unrelated, do DC comic book movies get any traction in Germany?	3
the best you can see in a genere (super heroes) that needs a hard stop right now.	3
Wow. 92%? How is that possible.	2
A Greek goddess enlists in World War I to stop the Germans from using mustard gas.	3
Great movie, five stars ??	5
This movie was a five star movie because you could get to see the origin of diana prince and how she became wonder woman. This is good because the movie itself was suppose to tell us about how she became wonder woman, and the movie did an excellent job of shooting the film. The movie was about three hours bit it was worth the wait. It was interesting that the action parts of the movie took a long time and we could've seen spectacular action scenes. In the beginning of the movie, the first hour was about her being in her island. Those scenes were good because literally in all of the movies gal gadot played as wonder woman, we never knew about that stuff, which is why this movie was really good.	5
first movie watch in dolby atmos... and the movie is just wonderful.. one of most beautiful movie of 2017	5
Fantastic film definitely a keeper to watch again and again	4
Pretty bad movie even by superhero movie standards.1. Although movie is about humans are good and bad, they straightly go in to portray the Germans as the evil, and the allies to be good. But in reality WW1 has no clear cut good/evil side, unlike WW2. Further, the movie pretty much Nazify the imperial german army, starting with the uniforms.2. Ludendorff is a real person, 2nd in command of imperial German army, and nothing like the portrayal. It is ridiculous to make him a cartoon villain. How ethical is to make such character assassination?3. Since when is it okay for superheroes to go on killing people to bring peace to the world?4. Terrible CGI and effects. Period.5. Though supposed to be a "feminist" movie, wonder woman continues to be adorable and determined, yet the confused puppy through out the movie.	2
So good I paid to see it twice and will probably buy it	5
Another duller than dishwater Marvel/DC piece of garbage.	1
Visually beautiful, great story telling and strong performances from Gadot and Pine put this as one of the best superhero films ever produced.	4
WONDER WOMAN IS THE BESTï 1/4?ï 1/4?ï 1/4?	5
Somewhere out there, there exists a perfect movie. The perfect super hero movie. Hitting the perfect emotional beats. Telling a great story. Speaking truth to heart. And for the first two acts, this movie is that movie.Then somebody hands Patty Jenkins the third act. And I give her props, she polished the turd as best she could, but damn it's still a giant turd.Savior of the DCEU? I wish! The exects just can't get out of thier own way. This is a near perfect film, but surrendered way to much for the "formula." If they let this film break the formula, it could have been amazing.	3
The plot is nothing new, we have seen this millions of times in other movies. Also, I think the villain could have been a little more developed as well. Aside from those two things, I did enjoy Wonder Woman. It's thrilling, exciting, and Gal Gadot gives a good performance.	3
"Wonder Woman" proves an exciting, deftly assembled upgrade in the contemporary DC franchise, with director Patty Jenkins vigorously embracing the story, and Gal Gadot turning in a fine, magnetic performance that embodies the character's unyielding optimism.	4
Yes, this is my summation of this movie: this movie has fricking BALLS, man! (Which is ironic, considering what is this movie is about and whom it's about.)First of all, this movie is good. Second of all, this movie is really good. Third of all, this is the kind of superhero movie, DC or whatever, that we definitely need and deserve. I don't care for all those cancerous flame wars between apologists of MCU and DCEU, fighting against each other and hating each other. All I saw was a good movie, and I'm happy about it. This movie has good characters, compelling story (in its meaning, at least), heart, and a great action. I know that everyone compares it to The First Avenger, but I personally think that is wrong, because Wonder Woman is five heads ahead (pun intended...?) of The First Avenger. Why? Well, the title says it all: this movie has BALLS!The First Avenger was hammy and less focused, this movie is the opposite. It does have its hammy moments, but they work, because they don't override the entire picture. The thing that sucked most about The First Avenger is how hammy and safe that movie was. Marvel made a decision from the beginning to not focus on the war element of the movie because they were trying to be PC and all of that. So they didn't even have scenes with actual Nazis doing what they do best: killing innocent people. Instead, they shoehorned that terrible plot with Hydra and Cosmic Cube. This movie, however, pulls no punches with its setting. Not only does this movie have actual war battles, but it's also not afraid to show casualties of war, yet it's not as black and white as it was in The First Avenger. You see war in all its awful glory (well, at least a PG-13 version of it), and it's fascinating. It's so mesmerizing to see Diana being herself, optimistic and naïve, in an environment that is the antithesis of that. And the fricking action -- o my god! Captain America has nothing on this heroine. You can't describe it; you have to see it.The message which movie delivers is also brilliant. Its thematic rationale remains through the course of the film and never loses its point. It manages to have an actual meaning even during the giant, overblown action set piece, with stuff flying around and exploding. Which is what I found lacking in Age of Ultron and Batman v Superman. (Not the overblown stuff flying around, since those movies had plenty of those things.) Here you actually care for the stakes. The villain isn't something...great. He's slightly more interesting than your typical MCU villain. (Mostly due to the fact that he is so minimal in the movie, you don't have time to get bored of him.) He's there to be an opposing force and to be a punching bag at the end. I mean, the whole time I was seeing him, all I was thinking is how similar his armor looks to the armor which Mandarin (aka my favorite comic baddie) wore in the comics during the 80s, and I didn't actually payed attention to his grand monologues. But let's not pretend that this is the first movie to do that. Every fricking superhero movie does that. Iron Man does have that same problem, but it's still a kickass film.The best things about the movie are the character moments (which, I guess, is always the case with the good comic book movies, or movies in general). It's not cynical and in-your-face like Guardians of the Galaxy, but it's not Flash Gordon either. This movie managed to have a lighthearted, fun characters, but it still makes them human and not black and white. The ending, despite being your typical superhero schlock, has so much heart, it really makes up for its predictability. But what really makes this movie stand out than its competitors: no goddamn fanservice porn. The First Avenger was basically half Captain America movie and half setup for the MCU. This movie is completely its own thing. This movie acknowledges its connection to the bigger universe only at the very beginning and at the very end. But that thing is even so small, it would've easily slipped out if you missed it.Consensus: THIS MOVIE ROCKS!	4
My favorite superhero to date hands down. Well made with amazing actors all around!	5
DC Finally gets on the winning comic-book love train.	5
full of carp. don't waste your money	1
DC finally makes a great film filled with good action scenes and introducing Gal Gadot as a great superhero character. A.	5
I can't get over the fact that this...piece of garbage has higher ratings than Captain America, Logan, The Winter Soldier, The Dark Knight or any X-Men Movie. Did you all watch this while you were high? Or did you all get bribed? Aside from her looks, everithing in this movie sucks. Everything. The plot, the main actors, the side actors, the director. Everything. All of it.	1
...Surprisingly and unexpectedly	3
It was good but not as good as people say it is	2
Great movie love how it took place during the war	5
I love the way this movie works. First use a setting less known to us WWI. Then the less Grueling dark in the opening. The build up was nice. Maybe the only thing I regret is the ending.. Its a bit err meh..	5
This film has some pros, but many cons. Gal Gadot crushes the action sequences as expected, but this film constantly plays one of three hands: One as a comedy with Gadot as a socially unaware Amazon stumbling through a new world, a second as a super hero story in which the villain is vague, not as formidable as he is built up to be, and unconvincingly portrayed by an old man who has no business fighting Gal Gadot, and a third hand as a forced romance between Gadot and Pine. While both actors perform well, the writers really let them down on the comedy, action and romance fronts. While this may be the best DCU movie I have seen, it's probably the last DCU movie I will see.	2
Great film ,visually stunning . The villain is not to great but they do the job . Would recommend	4
Was expecting a better film, but still watch worthy.	3
Great cast, nice story line, enjoyable to watch.	5
Wonder Woman is so genuine, from its characters to their chemistry to its action and even the overall message, Wonder Woman delivers hope and love in a time of need. I haven't loved a movie this much since Iron Man.	5
i thought maybe i would be able finally to sit through a superhero movie since apparently it is the second coming of christ. no. same crap different underwear.	1
The world needs more LOVE	5
Where has this DC been? So on the hidden island of Themyscira, there have been Amazonian warrior women that have been living in secret. When a WWI pilot (Chris Pine) accidentally crashes through the island's cloaking field, Diana Prince (Gal Gadot) decides to answer the call to arms as she believes the God of War, Ares, to be the cause behind the Great War. Proving that a broken clock is right twice a day, the DCEU finally managed to get a movie right. Superman tried. Batman tried. They even tried together, and the results were lacking at best, even though it managed to gain an outspoken fan base that feels differently. Wonder Woman is the best DCEU movie to date (even though that's hardly saying anything), and although I don't think it is a perfect movie, it is still a giant step in the right direction. Speaking from a personal standpoint, I don't know a ton about this character. I know that she's a part of the Justice League, I'm familiar with a few of her props and I know that the person who created this character was really into bondage, but that's about it, so I didn't have a strong investment either way going in. This really hits the mark of being a successful origin story. I wasn't crazy about the opening of this, but the one thing that was refreshing was that there was actually a color palate on the island of Themyscira, which is something that cannot be said about the previous films made in Zack Snyder's grayed out vision. When Chris Pine literally crashes into the scene is when this picked up for me. Gadot shares a really good chemistry with him, and whenever they are exchanging dialogue, this is firing on all cylinders, so much so that I wouldn't mind seeing a romantic comedy starring the two of them. Wonder Woman is a fish out of water story, really, and the pair of them make for a terrific funny man/straight woman combo with the comedy working far more often than not. I really like what this movie stands for. Wonder Woman is a great role model for girls, and she ends up being far more heroic than Superman, at least in this universe. She is strong willed to the point of the story being empowering, which is something that I totally support. I do ultimately feel that this is good, not great. The opening thirty minutes feels very standard, and after a whole lot of fighting, Wonder Woman comes off as being invulnerable, which undercuts a lot of tension for the finale. Still, it moves at a very good clip, and it is exactly what DC desperately needed at this point.	3
I don't understand how this got high ratings. It was a romantic comedy that has few mediocre action scenes at best. I expected a lot based on the hype but got disappointed.	3
This movie is a great example of how a story doesn't have to be overly complicated to be rich, deep and entertaining. The central focus was never deviated from, the pacing was the most natural I've seen in a while and yes, the ending is very CG heavy; but it was done probably as tastefully as you can make a super-powered fight between two immortal characters be.	4
Entertaining & fun, but not as good as I thought it would be. Obviously not cannon work. Hollywood messes up everything it touches.	3
No es la mejor película de superhéroes ni la peor, sólo una "Ok movie". La historia un poco forzada para 'explicar' aquella fotografía de Batman V Superman. Película "OK" que resulta apagada por las de Marvel...	3
Fantastic acting and direction. Every second we were entertained.	5
A superficial blockbuster with an obvious plot but really good special effects. The main actress performance in my humble and amateur opinion has nothing charismatic.	2
A return to the classic lighthearted comic book style, Wonder Woman is a thrilling, pack-packed adventure film. The story follows young warrior princess Diana as she trains with the Amazons on the hidden island of Themyscira, until one day American fighter pilot Steve Trevor crashes on its shores and tells them about the World War being fought on the outside; leading Diana to team-up with Trevor and leave Themyscira in search for the god Ares, who she believes is behind the World War. Gal Gadot and Chris Pine both deliver strong performances and have good chemistry. However, the plot's a little weak, particularly the climax. And while the fight scenes are dynamic and exciting, they're kind of poorly shot; with a lot of slow motion and freeze framing that breaks up the fluidity of the action. Yet there's a raw energy and intensity to the film, which is aided by Rupert Gregson-Williams' impressive score. Wonder Woman has some problems, but it's incredibly entertaining and a solid entry in the DC Extended Universe.	3
DC stepping it up. Wonder Woman is amazing	4
The first and second act of this movie are wonderful. However, the third act falls short of the greatness that came before it.	4
This film was so great! I really enjoyed it	5
Finally D.C. Does one right that's not Batman.	4
Utter garbage and should be avoided at all cost ! I thought the ratings here were genuine but now im not so sure as apparently its the best in the dc range ? Zero out of ten	1
Wonder Woman Truly Is A Wonder (No Pun Intended)	5
Good movie. women inspired	4
Gal Gadot is so fine!!!! This is a superheroine movie! What else can you expect? Go watch it now!	4
No está mal, solo que muy larga y mucho cgi que se ve feo.	3
It was ok but I was really disappointed in a choice they had Wonder Woman make in one scene. It really seemed to undermine her strength	3
i have troubles getting passed all the obvious CGI scenes -- & there was a lot of those in this film; so i didn't super love it. but it was good. i did enjoy it.	3
Slow to start, slow to boil, and horrible casting of the Ares character	2
Usually a movie will disappoint when there's too much hype going on, but this exempt from all that. I for one actually did enjoy this movie and the way how it ended. Don't know why there's no after credit scenes! A good product but not a perfect one.	3
"Wonder Woman" is a disinterested courage, valorous heroism, endless love, and improbable faith in people in style of old superheroic movies. As well as the main character.This movie isn't so much important for the film Universe of DC how many for representation of women at cinema and girls who will have new, really worthy example for imitation.	4
Very well done, much better than I thought it would be.	4
The ending was no good, but otherwise I liked it quite a lot.	4
I wanted to like but it's impossible :(	3
Awesomeness! Loved every action packed minute!! It's about time for a strong female comic book lead!	5
as it when it came out and loved it. better late than never.	5
Very good movie, with a great cast and storyline.	5
Better than all the other DCEU movies.	4
BEST MOVIE EVER!!! I felt so empowered seeing a female superhero being portrayed extremely well on the big screen	5
DC finally pulled it off	5
Great movie. Good acting and very fulfilling to have strong women movie	5
ITS SO AMAZING PLEASE WATCH YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!!!	5
Fantastic movie! A little long, but so worth it. Bring snacks and don't drink too much.	5
Loved this movie; this movie was way better than what I thought it would be. It gave the history behind Wonder Women and her early days before. I highly recommend if you like Marvel movies, you'll love this one. 5 Stars all the way	5
For me, much was left to wonder. A good movie but seem to leave out parts I hoped for.	3
Great movie! The nudity scene was unnecessary, though.	4
good movie and amazing films..	4
WonderWoman is an amazing superhero movie with spectacular performances from Gal Gadot and Chris Pine! The direction by the director Patty Jenkins is great too and the movie is very fun to watch! If you love superheroes and DC, this movie with a spectacular female lead and direction is a must watch for you!	4
I was expecting this to be good, but wow, it was even BETTER than I expected. Absolutely fantastic origin story, amazing action sequences, solid characters and just brilliantly put together. Watch it if you haven't.	4
Love this movie!!! Highly recommend!!!	5
Gal Gadot makes this long overdue movie completely worth the wait!!! Amazing and brilliant, this movie not only delivers us a powerful and idealistic female heroine, but a superhero in general that all can look up to and admire.This should be a movie that boys, girls, men and women alike can appreciate and enjoy. There's something for everyone. Truly well done by all involved and I hope the rest of this series is as good as this one!!Highly recommended and definitely a must see movie!!! This one should go down in history as one of the greats of superhero movies!!	4
Probably one of the better super-hero films in recent years, and without a doubt the best DC film of the recent franchises. Gadot was a pleasant surprise in Batman v Superman, but here she shows that the character can easily stand on her own. Chris Pine is also a delight as Captain Steve Trevor, who is more than a love interest in the film.	4
i very rarely give superhero movies 5 stars but this one was well deserved	5
One step forward two steps back. A strong female lead, but relies heavily on tired racial stereotypes, the drunk Scotsman providing the comic relief, the Francophone pervert, the quiet "wise" supporting native American character, the cookie cutter evil Germans, the devious "British" (English) Gillian and the dual white American white knights. The evil baddie in the end is defeated in the end by "love", I would hope for something a little less trite and cliche from such a critically acclaimed movie.	2
Gal Gadot surprised me; very charismatic and with an outstanding performance, she made this movie one of the best ones of 2017.	4
good movie but outdone by the hype.	4
Against insurmountable odds, she defeats the powerful, evil villain. Add some slap your knee aw schucks humour, I would have never guessed good would prevail. Zzzzzzzz. What's left to dig up and dress up with 21st century special effects?	1
Wonder Women, directed by Patty Jenkins, is the next chapter in the ever evolving DCEU. Wonder Women reliefs the pressure of the past work by Warner Bros, with great action, acting, CGI, and plot. And even some very good chemistry among the actors. With a dose of comedy, Wonder Women makes for a great family movie.	4
Didn't like it. It's nice when movies are borderline within the realm of possibility, but once it crosses it I tend to hate the movie. Good graphics, yet story could be better.	2
I have no idea what everyone saw in this, I've seen every beat in other movies prior, and the storyline is 85% 'The First Avenger'.The only thing DCEU has over Marvel (as it's impossible to not compare) is their choice of composers, the WW score is excellent!	1
This was the best effort for a DC universe movie in a long time (maybe ever). I was put off a little by the choice for the titular role because she didn't fit the Diana Carter mold. But, I was wrong. She made and awesome Wonder Woman.	4
Wonder Woman is my favorite movie of the year. It was a lot of fun at the theater with people laughing together. This is a movie that has a big heart and a great cast of characters that I would recommend to anyone to see.	5
DC got it right, but then again, i like all of their movies!!! I even liked GREEN LANTERN.	4
Enuf action to keep hubby happy. Good entertainment for your dollar. Glad to see it wasn't "All American" like the tv show. The humour was surprisingly refreshing	3
Solid Dramedy. Somewhat predictable but definitely still worth watching.	3
Funny and great performances form the entire cast. 80/100.	3
Kumail knocks it out of the park with his true story romantic comedy. Very funny and one of the best movies of the year.	4
Not that funny, considering he was supposed to be a comedian.	3
A cute romantic comedy.	3
One of the most funny and heartwarming movies I've ever seen. A unique and clever twist on the Rom-Com. Just a fantastic movie!	5
The movie starts slowly but sucks you in.	4
Touched by the story, not really by the movie, but I can understand the appeal	4
Terrific movie, romantic comedy, understated humour, well acted. You really get into the characters.	4
A little slow to start, but really tugs at your heartstrings later on. It's very easy to relate with the characters and the events that occur during the movie. The movie really attracted you into thinking not just of the relationship as it shifts it focus to a broader spectrum, dealing with culture, family, work, tragedy and life around relationships. It's really interesting to see the entire cast get fleshed out as we're constantly learning about each character and how they came to be. Zoe Kazan and Kumail Nanjiani manages to display all the struggles and joys of being in love. The entire cast did extremely well and the plot was very enticing. Also Zoe Kazan is super cute.	4
The thing about spinning a true story as a Rom Com is that it never works out. However this movie was something different. It made me genuinely interested in the characters and being an Indian I was able to relate to the difficulty of the choice, which is often never easy. An awesome movie to watch with great humour and characters which we can relate to. Don't say you can't relate to them, that's just absurd!	4
Really amazing and funny film. This is a great film to see with your significant other for sure.	5
Any movie based around an emotional truth is going to be a good one.	5
Very human, well played and nicely paced, an interesting look at cross-cultural relationships with a slight twist on the regular rom-com genre. Enjoyed it.	3
I'm not really a big fan of romantic comedies but this one really caught my attention from an original and funny story that is really refreshing from the franchises that come out every year can feel jarring to watch the usual formula of the franchises	5
More serious than funny but charming all the same in the is autobiographical story of a Pakistani Comedian who goes to great lengths to win the heart of of an American Girl. He fights arranged marriage and alienates his family as he stands by his love as she fights for her life. Nanijhani is charming and moving as our hero and Kasdan is cute and spirited as his beloved girlfriend. Also strong are Hunter and Romano as the girls parents who after some resistance fall for their perspective son-in-law. THe movie seems longer than it should be but you are invested and is one of the best films I have seen this year. 10-22-2017	4
I'm the last person you'd imagine to see a rom-com, but as one of the highest movies rated on RT this year I couldn't resist. I have a couple of nits with Kumail's acting at certain parts (which is odd considering he plays himself), but this is a genuine heartfelt movie with a lot of original hysterical moments. The cross-cultural parts are all well-represented, and those from a Pakistani background will especially get a bigger bang for their buck.	4
Nice, funny conversational flick, balanced up all the emotions...	4
4.5/5 - Great movie!	4
Very good, thoughtful true story. Movie-wise, I guess you classify it as a rom-com - and therefore it becomes one of the best romcoms in quite awhile. A lot of laughs in there and the love story is good. On a side-note, I bloody hate the Pakistani racists; they, and certain Indians and whatnot, always seem to get a pass with their behavior like every other race is not good enough to marry their children. The disappointed mother is shown as almost sympathetic instead of the odious racist that she would be if she was a white American mother who was going to disown her son for being in love with a Pakistani. But whatever. As far as this movie goes, it is just part of the deal. It happened. That aside, there are a few missteps along the way but it comes together really well. I love Zoe Kazan. 8.1 out of 10	4
DVD Movie Review: The Big SickDate Viewed: September 24 2017Directed By Michael ShowalterWritten By Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. GordonStarring: Kumail Nanjiani, Zoe Kazan, Holly Hunter, Ray Romano, Adeel Akhtar, Zenobia Shroff, Anupam Kher, Bo Burnham, Aidy Bryant, Rebecca Naomi Jones, Kurt Braunohler, Shenaz Treasury, Linda Emond, Vella Lovell and David Alan Grier.Movie Review will be put online soon.	4
this Film came out of nowhere in my opinion. Many may recognize Kumail Nanjiani from "Silicon Valley" and many small rolls. it was a breathe of fresh air to have him put together a main character in a film. i was not disappointed. Besides the slight lack of deep emotion, this film was great. Acting was very well, script felt real and genuine. if you are in a mood for a good Comedy romance film this would be one to spectate sit back eat that popcorn and pickle. great Movie.	4
Saw THE BIG SICK on an airplane--not the best place to view movies, but this indy comedy was strong enough to work on an IPad. Funny story based on lead actor Kumail Nanjiani and his wife's early courtship and a sudden illness that draws them together. Judd Apatow is a producer on this, so it does meander occasionally in a way real life can. This one works better partly because the main story is strong enough to handle that. And the performances of the lead and his girlfriend's parents (Ray Romano and Holly Hunter) are very strong. The Pakastani heritage of Nanjiani is also a compelling element in a strong, funny rom com. There is some swearing, if that bothers you. Best comedy of the year so far!	4
Exceptional comedy/drama that manages to be touching while tickling the funny bone. The dialogue sparkles and the script feels beautifully realized. The acting is also top notch.	4
found it a little underwhelming but definitely had its funny parts.	3
A very enjoyable movie, I'm not usually the person to watch romantic comedies, and I'm really impressed with this one.	4
Yep, definitely one of the year's most funny, honest and just all-around tasteful. Appatow really has become a comedy buddha.	4
The best romantic comedy film that I have seen in a long time.	4
I enjoyed this movie with its realistic attitudes of the characters. Finally a story that humanizes those of the Muslim faith living in Chicago. The tension of the main character born and raised in this country but having to abide by old family and religious traditions is universal to being American. Like the Immigrants of yesteryear torn between two worlds, assimilation into the "American Dream" is hard!!!	4
Wow .... That was unexpected ..........	5
Different. Ok to see if you have some time.	4
Even though a comedian headlines this film, actually quite serious & emotional. A mixture of all these things, surprising, but overall great love story. Glad the comedy sense, didn't take away from the reality that all relationships come with.	5
It was ok just ok. Not a complete waste of time.	2
Hmm. Decent. Entertaining, lighthearted, not laugh out loud funny but you know, decent. Not 90% decent. I wonder if Amazon is padding these reviews, since all of their films seem to get amazing ratings and I'm scratching my head. 3 stars.	3
Reviewed 7.7.17. There's a lot to like here. It's generally well written and provides some laugh out loud moments. Kumail's response to Emily's father (Ray Romano) asking him about 9/11 had me cackling. And although it winds up pretty much exactly as you'd expect, it takes a fairly original path to get there. Perhaps most endearing of all is that it was based on a true story written by the real life Kumail (plays himself) & Emily (played by Zoe Kazan). It ran a bit long in my opinion; meandering a touch at times. But when you're spending time with characters this likeable, you don't mind going along for the ride.	3
Very moving and funny romance. It stays out of the clichés and has a good rhythm that makes it very enjoyable. The inter-cultural dimension adds to the equation and makes this film one of the best romantic movie I've seen this year. A big thank you to the crew !!	4
got some verry good jokes. all around a good movies, its more then just a comedy	3
This movie is really funny	4
Boring, not funny at all. Cute love story for a minute. Overall a waste of time.	1
This is possibly the best movie I have ever seen.	5
Best romantic comedy I've seen in years. Funny all the way through. Heartfelt all the way through. Who knew you could do both at once so well.	5
Clever and sweet. The Big Sick felt authentic. We could all use a little more Ray Romano and Holly Hunter in our lives. Kumail is great. The scenes with his Pakistani family are really good. The only problem had was that I wanted more Zoe Kazan. But what are you gonna do? She was in a coma.	3
Romantic and funny. I laughed and cried. Beautiful story!	5
I had no idea this was a true story until it was over. Pretty funny.	3
Very racism movie!!!	1
Pretty dang good. It's got all the Apatowyness without his horrible pacing and overlength. Apatowyness meaning good humor combined with real feelings. I didn't get teary ever, but it probably wasn't trying to make me cry. If it had, it might have dipped into the weaknesses of Apatow and likely would have failed. I did, however have a big stupid grin across my face the entire time. Acting is very very good overall. What's the catch? Probably Nanjiani "crying." Fortunately this is played off as silly.	4
Straight-to-the-point: This is the best film on summer 2017. Kumal's story of how he met his future wife, and the struggles he encountered in developing a relationship with her parents, trying to succeed in the field of comedy, and dealing with the internal conflicts with his parents were amazingly depicted. This is the rare comedy/drama that works excellently in either genre.	5
Adorable. I was grinning/giggling for most of the film and then was touched by the climax.	4
Hilarious, touching, and hits on good aspects of today's culture in both a realistic and 'dry' humorous way.	5
I like all the actors, which was only a help as they all were at the top of their game. The story was very well done. Some of the small absurdities fit just nicely. And with the crisis involved it really allowed for some great writing - Funny, Tear Jerking, and a whole lot in the middle. I also enjoy much of the stereotype based humor - we can all relax that we are all different without even having to try. Great movie.	4
at the beginning of the movie I honestly thought it was going to be a movie I would not enjoy at all but by the end of it I had changed my mind it was well worth seeing I like it how it got more serious and alot more drama in the later parts of it and overall ended up being a good movie :)	4
The Big Sick is a hilarious drama that revolves around an unlikely relationship that delves into race, culture, love, and tragedy. This is also the first film of the year that I really believe could be a critical darling, especially during award season.	4
Hands down one of the best comedy love stories I?ve ever seen.. laughs and laughs.. we rented initially now buying it!	5
Movies where people struggle to honestly confront one another because they struggle to honestly confront themselves rarely appeal to me, and such is the case here: The movie could have been significantly shorter if the early scenes of Kumail and Emily fighting were longer (which is to say, less contrived), with an actual emotional conflict in place of the irrational paroxysm that fuel the drama. The same goes with the familial problems: I have a hard time sympathizing with a character struggling to denounce something so absurd and violent as, uh, arranged marriage. So while the movie presents itself as a struggle between cultures to communicate, what it comes down to is a struggle of the main characters to communicate: Different people in these same shoes would have very different results. Ultimately, maybe I'm just not the audience for the film, though it was pleasant enough to watch-though I did find the performances mostly engaging, the comedy likable enough, and the focus on Pakistani culture refreshing compared to similar romcoms.	3
Not really into romantic comedys, but I actually really enjoyed this one. The Big Sick is a different kind of RomCom is realistic (I know it's based on a true story), funny, has a lot of heart and really good performances.	4
I love Kumail's work up to this. I would put my knowledge of his work against anyone. But sadly, this movie falls in that lame space that is inhabited by the other try hard meta comedy films like the improv chuckle death called Dont Think Twice. Stop trying to let people behind the curtain. It doesn't make money. It's not accurate it's not interesting and it for sure is not as funny as Kumail explaining a children's birthday party that involved a live mongoose and a snake.	2
way overrated!! so disappointing. this movie is a nothing	1
A perfect balance between a daily drama and a hilarious and surprising story.	4
Amongst the flood of Hollywood sequels and blockbusters, it'd be pretty easy to have not heard of The Big Sick. The trailers are fairly par for the course, and nothing immediately jumped out as being a standout rom-com. Aside from recognizing Kumail Nanjiani from Silicon Valley, and Ray Romano from [everything], the cast was relatively unknown to me. That being said, do not sleep on this one.For lack of a single better metaphor, the film comes in waves, much like many relationships do. We get to follow a story based on Kumail's actual relationship with Emily Gordon, the tug-of-war with his family life, and one heck of a curve-ball dilemma.While it is, for the most part, a romantic comedy, it's rooted heavily in drama. It isn't too complex in structure, and follows a standard 3-part act. As we board the roller coaster, we're lifted to the highest of highs when it comes to meeting and connecting with someone new. What's nice is that we get to stay there for a bit, and get a genuine feel that these are everyday relationships that could happen at any moment. At a certain point, we're comfortable. The intricacies of what makes a significant other-well-significant, couldn't have been portrayed more naturally. And then we fall. I won't spoil the main conflict, but it is the title of the movie and is right there in the trailers if you have to know. This is when the movie really kicks into gear. As cozy as we were previously, we're now in an equally discomforting position-and it hits you from all angles. Kumail suddenly has to deal with the flurry of piecing together his relationship, challenging the viewpoints that Emily's parents have of him, all while being weighed down by his commitments to his family and career. This entire second act makes up about 70 percent of the movie, and it's a heavy one. Luckily each character has at least a handful of memorable moments, and not one person feels unnecessary to the story's whole. In what was presumed to be a fairly unimaginative genre, there were quite a few pleasant surprises that either got a laugh out of me, or had me clasping my hand over my mouth.While not a lot of things happen, the movie gradually weighs you down up until an eventual point of respite. As we reach the end of the film's ride, we get to our resolution-it feels fulfilling in the sense that it was earned. The Big Sick is a tender, bittersweet film. It'll play with your emotions because it's well aware of its cast members' knockout performances. I say go for the ride, but like many audience members that I overheard, you might shed a few tears.	5
It is hard to take romance seriously these days. This is because it is not a serious topic. If everything goes right, romance is about the fun moments, the embarrassing moments, and especially, about the really sad moments. Honestly, romance isn't about romance at all. That is why The Big Sick is such a good rom-com, it skips over the romance, and delivers an honest, touching, and funny story.Kumal is an Uber driver by day and a standup comedian by night in Chicago. Like many Pakistani Muslim immigrants, he is encouraged to marry a girl with a similar background through an arranged marriage, but when he meets Emily, a white and non-Muslim graduate student in a comedy show, they slowly fall for each other after a one night stand.Directed by Michael Showalter and written by the protagonists of the true story this is based on, Emily Gordon and Kumail Nanjiani, The Big Sick is not your typical rom-com. While the acting in Kumal's part is not the best, the movie succeeds thanks to its unpredictability within a genre that is known for being predictable. The movie leaves romantic cliches aside and concentrates on a refreshing story that involves a very human and sincere relationship between Kumail and Emily's parents.The Big Sick is not only full of heart but also, unlike most romantic comedies out there, it contains an intelligent plot that focuses on what is truly important in a relationship. It is hilarious, it is heartbreaking, and it is quite unpredictable.	4
Movie night with Iris.There's a lot of formulaic going on here. Bedside hospital drama. Culture clash romance. But this indie Meet the Parents is sweet stuff, with genuine chemistry and most importantly for a comedy a lot of laughs.	3
"Get some Daddy style."	4
***MY BIG FAT TERMS OF ENDEARMENT***	3
I loved this movie. Beautifully done.	5
A bit long but very good movie makes you think that relationships with new family in and circumstances in life and life	4
A great honest relatable "TV" film	3
i loved it, 100$ recommended!	5
The Big Sick is such a cute, funny, and heartwarming film with great writing, direction, and a wonderful cast. It is definitely an Oscar contender. .	5
Watchable but self absorbed.	2
Needs more com and less rom. Zoe Kazan is charming and Ray Romano is good but Nanjani needs to be more ... funny.	2
Loved this movie, seriously funny, not keen on F bomb tirades, but really good movie.	4
Gutsy is not usually a word used to express romcoms but in this case it works because the story is less about the relationship between the featured couple and more about the relationship between the woman's parents and her estranged boyfriend. They are forced together because of the woman's big sick and Holly Hunter and Ray Romano (not the couple pairing you would've imagined) do so well as the woman's parents. A surprise pleasure from outta nowhere.	4
Adorable. I enjoyed this much more than I thought I would. Delightful cast. Very funny yet moving. Highly recommend.	5
In a world where bland rom-coms were getting put out there and killing the genre, then comes The Big Sick. It feels so original using its cross-cultural themes as the main heart and takeaway from this film. Kumail Nanjiani and Zoe Kazan have irresistible chemistry and give two great and hilarious performances. The fact that this is a true story makes it all so unbelievable, but at the same time you can believe it.	4
I think Nanjiani is funny, underestimated for his talents in Silicon Valley, but this one was just ok. There were some funny moments but the script cd have been tighter	3
Good movie, but not amazing.	3
what an exceptionally good movie.	5
Almost perfect movie. Ray Romano killed it. Great movie.	4
uncomfortable yet funny and very emotional	3
This movie was an awesome year jerker that really pulled on your heart strings and made you really want to look at your own lives , this drama/ comedy really wanted to leave you with more than you came with and for me it did.	4
Ray Romano and Holly Hunter anchor the film despite their supporting roles;	4
Just as good as it gets... This is how it is in the comedy clubs, real insight from the performers in and around this production!	5
LOVED this movie... laughed and cried.. perfect balance!	4
You know what, no, this one was good, it was good.	4
Loved it. Great movie.	4
I could not reconcile the movie title and a good movie until I watched it. A funny romantic comedy.	4
Very funny and heartfelt movie best movie of 2017 so far	5
Stopped 30 mins in - no chemistry, not funny.	2
This was a really good modern dramedy. The acting, writing, direction was all good. It was funny. I laughed out loud many times. It was touching. I had at least 5 or 6 tears roll down my cheek throughout the movie. It had good lessons about culture and love. Jessica has to steal the computer now.	4
Enjoyed every minute until I fell asleep...great movie to watch with your wife.	4
It gets too somber too quickly for a comedy, but it nonetheless proves to be a worthwhile romcom with enough humor and sweetness to give us a glance of the real-life situation it depicts.	3
A lil too long for me.	3
A great combination of drama, comedy, and staying true to who you are.	5
Easily one of the funniest rom coms of all time. I just laugh at the few reviews that says this isn't funny, it's probably from people that find America's Funniest Home Videos hilarious. Lol.	5
Una película romántica sin más.	3
I found it to be a very funny movie. It had both worlds with the heart jerking drama and the kind of humor I like. I like those two actor a lot so there is that. 1000% A Go See.	4
Loved. Laughed. Cried.The Big sick really touched the heart.A big Applaud for a great Script, Perfect Acting and Of Course Kumail-Emily's Romance!	5
This movie to this decade is what eternal sunshine was for the last one.	5
Watched this movie because of the great rotten tomatoes score and was disappointed. It is slow and sad. Not an entertaining way to spend your night.	2
There isn't that much to say about this romantic comedy, except to see it, and enjoy it. Oh yes, it also very funny, it is not really comedy as such. You know, its funny, but thats not the man point, but rather the powerful story. It does "spice" things up by focusing on the leads Pakistani origins, and it may to light and highlight some cultural clashes people with this may background may experience, it is more the chemistry between the main actors, the female leads parents that really hold this story together. And yes Holly Hunter is better than ever. Maybe I am convincing you enough with my blah blah, but trust my blah blah when I tell you see is a movie you should see with your loved one. Now.	4
Not really that funny, and unenjoyable at best, this is one summer film that you should ignore the critics and stay home.	1
Romantic comedies are not my thing. And after this movie they still aren't my thing but this movie was very entertaining. FYI kudos to them taking certain stereotypes and turning them on their heads.	5
A wonderful romantic comedy with a multicultural twist. Excellent humor and drama, which is a tough combination to pull off.	4
Long and slow and not that funny.	2
wonderful movie! 5/5 :-)	5
The Big Sick is a romantic comedy directed by Michael Showalter and stars Kumail Nanjiani, Zoe Kazan, Holly Hunter, Ray Romano, and Aidy Bryant and is the true story about how aspiring comedian Kumail Nanjiani met grad student (now wife) Emily V Gordon, everything seems to be going well at first however one event leads to another and Emily falls into an induced coma (not a spoiler its in the trailer) which then forces Kumail to be with Emily's parents while she recovers. Now I was looking forward to The Big Sick because Judd Apatow, who is the producer of the film, is one of my favorite directors and I have to say this may be one of the best romantic comedy film I have ever seen. What makes this film great is that it doesn't follow the cliches that almost every romantic comedy follows nowadays, because unlike other romances this one mainly focuses on the bonding between Kumail and Emilys parents as oppose to just our two lovers. Another thing I loved about this film was that it showed that culture can be very important to some people and they are crazy when it comes to tradition like you see with Kumails parents throughout the film. Now the best part about this film is that its completely unpredictable, which is great considering its a romance and of all genres that one is the most predictable. The performances in this film are great Nanjiani, Romano, and Hunt were great in this film the three of them have amazing chemistry, but as you watch the film you'll notice that Nanjiani and Hunts characters definitely have the best character development. I would also like to point out that Aidy Bryant does a pretty good job in the film as well though she's not in it a lot but its great to see she's trying different things because I am a big fan of here on Saturday Night Live. Since I am giving credit to just about every actor in this film its also fair to give credit to Zoe Kazan even though she's not in a portion of the film she still does well. The Big Sick is not a perfect film, this film is not per say the laugh out loud comedy that you may think it would be don't get me wrong the film has many funny moments especially from Nanjiani and Romano but if you are hoping this film would be like Superbad (2007), Knocked Up (2007), or Trainwreck (2015) then you will be disappointed. Also the third act of this movie is where the film falls a little flat not that it wasn't good but because it got kind of serious, except for one scene in particular where.... you'll know when you see it these were my only real problems with the film but other then those two things I found myself really enjoying it. If I were to compare this film to any other Apatow movie it would probably be Funny People (2009) which is another comedy drama from him I feel this movie for me will age like a fine wine the more I think about it. Anyway The Big Sick is a uplifting, funny, light hearted, and awkward (but in a good way) movie if you are looking for a feel good rom com that is different I highly recommend The Big Sick for you I can guarantee you won't be disappointed.	4
True story very good.	4
Perfect...not tacky, not stereotypical brown boy meets white girl, VERY real (because it is) - ups and downs are SO high and low, its truly a one of a kind movie that any doubt you have should be gone because its not like any other romantic comedy that has been made since at least 2013	5
One of the best romcoms in years, The Big Sick breaks out of the standard formula and explores themes of culture and identity, not by focusing on the couple, but relationship with the parents that makes up the films core. It's smart, funny, charming, and moving. Solid perfomaces hold it all together, especially a welcome turn by Ray Romano.	5
A little rough around the edges, but a really good drama.	4
Fantastic film. Grab a bag of popcorn and ice cold soda and enjoy.	5
Lived up to the hype and more. Absolutely wonderful, touching, heartfelt, funny funny movie. I laughed so much during this.	5
In the style of "Love Story " this turns into a tearjerker. The story was well told. The fact that it was a true story only makes it more endearing.	4
not intelligent, very predictable and not a very funny movie	2
This is enjoyable and the romance is appealing, but I think it is falsely advertised as a comedy. There are funny moments, but it has much more drama than comedy.	3
Extraordinarily well crafted love story. Particularly liked the Holly Hunter/Ray Romano couple - so real, so sweet, a lot like my parents :)	4
What a great movie!!! I loved every second of it.	5
Seems like they couldn't decide whether to be serious or a comedy and it ended up being neither. The story line itself was very good but the acting and the writing were bad.	2
Sadly not nearly as good as I had hoped. Not very funny. Didn't seem very realistic and Zoe's character is basically in the coma the entire movie. This movie is more about her parents than her.	2
You'll laugh. You'll cry. And laugh some more. Well written and pathos for days. Highly, highly recommended.	5
I love this movie!!!!!!!!	5
"I'm overwhelmed by you."	4
Saw this last night and loved the casting of the families and this amazing true story. Kumail was so good in this. Warning; this is a tear jerker, but as great movies go has a wonderful ending. So glad for the pictures of his wife and him in the end too.	5
So overrated. Guess it's sort of like a biopic documentary though which can make it watchable. Not for me though.	1
Definitely one of the best movies I've seen in a while. So surprising since I was totally expecting a light comedy from the trailers and was pleasantly surprised at my investment in the characters lives by the end of the movie. Totally wish it was a TV series so I could binge watch more tomorrow night!	5
Loved this one. My problem with most comedies lately is that I don't usually find them very funny, but this one was funny...and cute!	4
One of my favorite movies ever. I'm not usually a fan of romcoms but I won't shy away from a good story. This movie really moved me. It was funny. The acting was excellent. The ending was a little too sweet (corny?) but it's okay because this is a film about a relationship. I took a friend with me who doesn't like romcoms. She's totally into horror movies almost exclusively. She absolutely loved The Big Sick.  We need more movies like this. Movies lovingly created with quality jokes and excellent story. I'd say more but I'm not a writer and hardly ever write reviews. This movie just screamed out for me to say something about.	5
Lovely movie. What a relief to see something that has good dialogue, humor, and a plausible situation.	4
Debated between 3.5 and 4	4
Wow, lived up to the hype!	5
A really sweet, romantic, and charming movie with tons of great moments and a great script. The performances are amazing, but I didn't find the movie to be all that funny; however, I really enjoyed the movie.	4
The Big Sick is a solid, but highly troublesome movie. It is very well acted, sometimes quite observational and with a particularly strong dialogue and even the script. Some of the conversations were superb. However, the two-hour runtime was just unnecessary, Emily was very unlikable to me and the film never decided whether it wants to be a drama or a romantic comedy and thus the end result is one giant mish-mash affair.	3
A refreshing take on the love story!	5
pretty good movie to watch on a night starting indoors	4
The only movie I ever bought after watching it on Comcast. Really great acting, and interesting, believable character portrayals. My husband, adult daughter and I really enjoyed spending the evening with these people.	5
Best movie I've seen this year, so far.	4
It may be a little too long and at times predictable but Nanjiani and Gordon's script is helped by a unique perspective (this is obviously the first American romantic comedy about a secular Muslim) and a really great cast.	3
there is a lot to like here, but it is a little too long and repetitive	4
2.8, probably. Fine little story, but nothing hilarious or fresh to make it very memorable.	3
The Big Sick is heartfelt, funny, and surprisingly human. It deals with culture, relationships, love, and family in a way that connects with anyone.	5
Good, but not great. The ratings are a bit of a surprise on the high side. Despite some thinking this is a stunning reinvention of the Rom Com, it's not. There's nothing wrong with the Rom Com, and there's plenty of ground left to explore. This isn't some groundbreaking new variation. It's been done plenty. Well worth a watch, but don't buy the hype. It'll be nowhere near the ratings or the best Rom Com you've seen. Nonetheless, recommended. ***/*****. 98/90.	3
this movie has alot of heart cast really came to play overall a great movie showcasing the lives of American Indians who struggle with being american but family is stuck to there old ways	4
Excellent movie. Laughed, cried, ended the night happy. :)	4
This could have been much better had the director chosen two different leads. Both pairs of actors playing parents were outstanding. The story itself was good. But those two leads were dull and just weren't believable. Was really looking forward to this movie. Disappointed.	1
excellent film,great drama with a perfect comedic timing.	4
Thoroughly engrossing and enjoyable.	4
Enjoyable original romantic comedy.	4
Excellent, excellent, excellent. Hilarious and very poignant. The acting is natural, the script is wonderful (as is the true story it's based on). A very well created, well told movie.	5
This is the worst movie I have ever seen. Walked out twice, second time didn't go back. Not funny, rubbish acting, pointless movie. Went because rotten tomatoes had such a good review, took 6 family members and we all hated it. Waste of time...	1
Average but enjoyable romantic drama. Some good gags, especially the 9/11 bit. Watchable but forgettable.	3
An original, realistic dramedy/rom-com. It's heavier on the drama than the laughs or the romance, but it's heart is sincere, it's subject is novel and human. It feels true and free of cliches, just real people with real intercultural relationship issues without judgment or preachiness. See it if you like the genre and want something true and different. I'm genuinely impressed that the film managed such self critical honesty without retreading Hollywood romantic roleplay	4
2.5/5- The Big Sick uses it's great cast to make a heartwarming ending but that can't save its scattershot humor and random dialogue.	2
An Amazon studio original. The big sick tells the story about a Pakistan comedian who struggles against tradition to pursue love, career and Ultimately life. The film is full of charm, humor and great acting from the leads. Easily in my top 3 movies of 2017. If you haven't seen it , you should.. i give it full scores.	5
I loved this romance/comedy/drama! And it's a true story which is a great added bonus!	4
a very good Sunday movie	4
It's a celebration of real life. The rare comedy that's as touching as it is hilarious.	4
Such a heartwarming movie. Loved it and did not expect to love it. All the actors are outstanding but Ray Romano and Holly Hunter are so great as the parents.	5
Oh..It's definitely sick alright. In a big and highly entertaining way!	4
What starts off like a typical Judd Apatow romcom, twists into a very heartfelt drama/comedy. This film has cultural complexity and genuine characters, the relationship with Emily's parents is very amusing and true. These are the films missing from the cinemas, you don't need complexity when the basics can be done right. I was under the impression this was going to be more like Funny People, which I disliked but I kept seeing it pop up in best lists. The film is more connected to 50/50, which managed to craft the drama/comedy very well. It's a fine line attempting to balance the genres but like horror/comedy, it can be done and this film is very engaging. The ending was a little sappy and not really needed, I think her buying a ticket would've been suttle enough for the ending. I really don't care for tying things up in a bow, otherwise a fantastic film and the characters are well cast, especially the leads. 16-09-2017.	4
I loved it, my wife loved it, my 19-year-old son loved it. A triple winner. You can't beat that!	5
Best romantic comedy in a LONG time.	5
Great Movie!!!â?¤â?¤ Loved every single part of this movieð???	5
This movie made me believe in love again!!Film review "The Big Sick"I absolutely loved it! It's so real, funny, warm well written and authenticGreat plot, fabulous acting,Very funny. Also has a serious side.It's just a little bit to long I think they could use about 15 minutes trimmed off the runtime.Overall I just had such a fun time watching The Big Sick, and its ending left me feeling all warm inside.I def recommend it if you want a pleasent movie experience.8/10	4
Really good. Kumail Nanjiani the pakistani guy from Silicon Valley tells a real life story about the white girl he's dating getting cancer and the struggle of an interracial/cross-cultural partnership. The realness gave the movie heart and Kumail's career as a comedian gave it some amazing laughs.	5
The Big Sick starts out like a standard low-budget indie movie about a comedian trying to make it big, but then it morphs into something different and better. It's quite funny, but there's also a dramatic edge to it that pulls you in. Kumail Nanjiani isn't just a goofy character, he actually emotes and makes the whole film feel more believable. This is a surprisingly impressive film.	4
It passed the time nicely, with a couple of laugh out loud moments, but I don't understand the level of critical acclaim. I know it was his own story, but I think it would have benefited from a more charismatic leading man, who was closer to his age at the time.	3
Fantastically funny, and unexpectedly informative.	5
A good feel-good after some time	5
Refreshingly free of the usual rom-com cliches. Even if you're not into this type of film (I'm not usually), this one is recommended.	4
the big sick is a cute rom com but its not worth 98% rating there are far better movies in the romance genre	3
A cultural commentary, a treatise on love, and a refreshing look at tenderness. You may cry a tear or two, but the smiles provide a refreshing balance. This is a well-made and well-imagined foray into human interaction. (Btw, it was comforting to see that Rotten Tomatoes shared my enthusiasm!)	5
Kumail (Kumail Nanjiani who plays Dinesh on "Silicon Valley") is a Pakistani-born stand-up comedian/Uber driver living in Chicago. One night he meets a grad student named Emily (Zoe Kazan) at one of his shows and the two begin a very charming, albeit tentative relationship. Unbeknownst to Emily, every Sunday afternoon, Kumail has lunch at his parents' house in the suburbs, during which a different female suitor always "just happens" to stop by bearing a glossy photo and resume touting her credentials as a future wife. Kumail's parents expect him to marry a fellow Pakistani and are trying their darndest to arrange it. Despite being Americanized in every other way, Kumail realizes marrying a white woman would lead to disownment.Emily is none too pleased when she happens upon this information just as the relationship seems to be getting serious. But no sooner does she dump Kumail than she's stricken by a mysterious illness and has to be placed in a medically-induced coma, which has the surprising effect of making him realize how much he really likes her. Enter Emily's quarrelsome parents, Terry and Beth (Ray Romano and Holly Hunter), who hate the ever-living crap out of Kumail for having hurt their daughter. The majority of the movie is about the relationships between Kumail, Terry, and Beth, each of whom cares more about Emily than about the other two.As improbable as the whole medically-induced coma plot device sounds, it's based on something that actually happened to Kumail, the actor, and his real-life wife, Emily, who teamed up to write the screenplay. As movies about critically ill people in comas go, I've got to say this is the funniest one I've ever seen, in large part due to Romano, who can apparently do more than play a beleaguered sportswriter.	4
Everyone makes choices about their life. They can follow in the footsteps of their parents, or they can forge their own path. In love, they have this choice as well. Kumail comes from a culture where you marry who your parents tell you and keep the tradition alive. Kumail wants to find his own love and to be a successful stand-up comedian. One night, he meets this white graduate student and talks her up at the bar after the show. In the tradition of thousands of romantic comedies, they have a falling out. But in this dramedy, the female develops an illness and ends up in a coma. So, instead of that romantic montage of happy times, Kumail has to learn to love her while she is in a hospital and hanging out with her parents. The parents are played by the MVPs of the film, Ray Romano as the clueless schlubby husband who kind of likes the guy and Holly Hunter as the little spitfire she always plays. Eventually, Kumail chooses to alienate himself from his family for Emily, who dumps him a second time when she wakes up. Not your normal comedy, but slowly becoming a motif for producer Judd Apatow who is more interested in human psychology than comedy.	5
Went to see this with my husband and son. We all absolutely loved it! It's so real, funny, warm and authentic. The actors are all great! Want to see it again.	5
We saw "The Big Sick" SUnday at the CMC Rolling Hills 13. I loved this movie! Great plot, fabulous acting. Very believeable. A must see!	5
Enjoyed it. Was a little longer than anticipated, but still a good movie.	3
So funny!! But serious undertone - enjoyed the film with these multiple layers. At times, reminded me of Woody Allen movies, however, not to suggest that this film is not highly original on its own.	5
Now here's a romantic comedy for the times we live in. An insightful social commentary about dating across racial and cultural boundaries, packed with hilarious and touching moments.	4
Well written romcom story, definitely one of top 3 this year, but still, I was probably expecting more from it, given all that festival hype around it. Great, but not totally great.	4
Not every movie that has excellent ratings is "excellent"Actors did a nice job but the story is not that great.	1
Best movie I've seen in theaters in a while. It balances the tough drama with perfect dry humor. Every character plays their role perfectly. Ray Romano, Kumail, and Zoe Kazan are hilarious in this must-see comedy. I loved every minute of it. For me personally, this may be the best comedy I have seen in years.	5
Smart, heartbreaker, funny and intelligent, this is a few qualities of The Big Sick, a movie so well written, directed and full of great performances, this is definitely one of the most amazing and mature movies of the year. A fresh air into the romantic comedy genre. (4,5/5)	4
An intelligent and heatfelt romanic comedy. It also explores cross cultural differences with respects, whilst not succumbing to the usual cliches and steretypes. Highly recommended.	4
"The Big Sick" is one of my favorite films of 2017 and the most heartfelt film you'll see all year. It is so charming and full of heart, the humor is spot-on, all the characters are so well-realized, and I found myself completely in love with the two main characters after watching the first 10 minutes of it. It spoke to me on a very personal level and I was very impressed by the way it managed its tone. The dramatic elements and the comedy stuff meshed together so well, and the filmmakers' love for these characters were so palpable that I never stopped caring about them. Wonderful performances throughout and hats off to director Michael Showalter and writer/real-life couple Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon for making a universal tale of family and love. I loved, loved, loved, loved, LOVED it!	5
Loved it - Super funny and uplifting!	5
This is one more in a series of movies I did not vet prior to buying a ticket. My wife was the driving force behind my going to see this. Fortunately it was more engrossing & enjoyable than her previous pick (the sequel to Guardians of the Galaxy).Truth is, this is right up my alley. I'm shocked that we both enjoyed it so much! (Usually I watch indie films by myself.) I think there are just so many angles here that will resonate with different types of viewers. For me, the nerdy romance (where they obviously "get" each other), the culturally taboo relationship (and its discovery), and the realistic view we get of our parents working through their own embarrassing dysfunction, made this feel like a story I was (or wanted to be) a part of. I was very (unexpectedly) drawn in.The pacing was off-beat (especially for folks who don't normally watch indie films), and the humor wasn't "laugh-out-loud", but the characters were well drawn, and the story was fun & fresh. You get the feeling as you watch it that they are playing caricatures of the real life people the story is based on, and they're having a good time doing it. It gives the film a bit of a "historical fiction" vibe, which I like.I always love Holly Hunter, and it was also great to see the versatile Mr. Adeel Akhtar (Traitor/The Night Manager) pop up in yet another varied role.I want to watch this again. My one & only complaint is that when I wanted to see more of Emily she was stuck in a coma. I guess art really does imitate life...	3
Good stuff, had no idea the Silicon Valley dude had a real life	4
Love. I laughed. I cried. This movie has everything.	5
Incredibly well acted, enjoyable movie. Refreshing.	4
Great movie! Endearing (true) story about cultural clash and modern love. Holly Hunter and Ray Romano killed it	4
I find that there is a common denominator between reviews that the majority of "respected" critics give in certain situations. I find that most do not want to give honest reviews on a movie which contains controversial subject matter. For example; Movies about gay and/or lesbians, Movies about child or spousal abuse, Movies about being a Muslin in the western world etc. They seem to give movies like this a "free pass" no matter now much they suck. I am not homophobic, racist or apathetic to the issues of today's world, but I will not compromise my opinion on how I feel about a movie because the subject matter is a delicate one. I have more respect for a critic who will give an honest review no matter what backlash he/she can expect to get. As for this movie. I feel that it has far too high of ratings. I do love the main actor in "Silicone Valley", but in this movie, his acting falls too short as does the rest of the cast. It's not funny, the story line it weak, the direction is virtually nonexistent and the acting ....well...it's of the same calibre as you would find in your local high school production.	2
Really good and what a original story - of course, it is a real one!	5
Not bad. The ending could've been more spectacular	3
The Big SickPros:- Fantastic Acting- Amazing Directing- Terrific Script- Very Sweet Romance Between The Two Main Characters- Great Cinematography - Brilliant Editing- Has A Very Realistic Feel To It- Very Funny At Times- Really Good Pacing- Very fresh take on the rom-com genreCons:- NoneOverall Grade: A+ (10/10)	5
Excellent film. And the story is Kumail's actual love story with his wife. Sometimes art imitates life?! Highlights: Zoe Kazan is always good. Kumail is incredibly likable and if you watch Portlandia you already know this! Pakistani family drama. Go see!	4
Rom: I find awkward romances intolerable. I hate dishonest ones even more.Com: I laughed twice and both were 9-11 jokes.	1
This was actually a good comedy/romance film! I had a few laughs and the audience too! It was cute! And the ending was really great! Storyline was good too! And Emily and the Pakistan dude really make good partners! Worth the watch!	4
cute for a little while but i bailed at the half hour mark. instead of plotting a screenplay, he determined how to get references to his character's Pakistani heritage on screen every three minutes or less. success, yes, but wrong goal.	2
Awesome movie. Hilarious movie and a lot of serious parts mixed in beautifully. The acting was incredible and I busted out laughing multiple times. One of the better comedies I've seen in recent memory and definitely one of if not the best one of year. 90/100	4
Funny and heartwarming.	3
According with the rewiews I had read, I had biggest expectations in terms of humor and the developing. It was a little too long.	2
Very funny. Also has a serious side. I def recommend it.	5
The film works really well in its cross-cultural study and of a man wanting find his own path despite his family's cultural values. The love story really didn't work for me; it felt really undeveloped and unendearing and used merely as a plot device towards a better story to tell. Though the few scenes the two leads had together, they had decent chemistry. The performances by Kumail Nanjiani, Holly Hunter, and Ray Romano were fantastic. Though I did also feel the film ran longer than it needed to.	3
The Big Sick is deft and well-constructed all around. Like a beautiful sail-boat, it maneuvers waters that could be treacherous in other hands with charm and earnestness.	4
Amazing movie, just a little too long. Still, you should go and see it if you haven't. 4 stars	4
It's funny and engaging and just such a smart, warm movie. The Big Sick has such a sweet script, which is only bolstered by the nuanced performance of its talented cast. It's a unique, timely tale that deftly balances its comedic beats with its dramatic ones. Kumail and Zoe are electric in the lead roles, while the supporting cast does some truly terrific work. I just had such a fun time watching The Big Sick, and its ending left me feeling all warm and fuzzy inside.	4
While balancing tone with a script that's as funny as it is serious, "The Big Sick" also gets a few laughs at the expense of even the most overused culture shock tropes.	4
This movie made me believe in love again, with all its shortcomings and difficulties, but also with an ending that most of us only get to see in hollywood, and that would make any cynic person cringe to his/her teeth, but guess what? It is a true story. And it makes all those cringing past moments from this former cynic go away. After all, after every cynic lies a disappointed romantic and this one is cured..Its honest, funny, intelligent and to some extent comforting. I highly recommend it (like any one of you would take my word for it).	5
This is an entertaining movie. Not the best movie of the year. It is funny and makes you emotional at times. It could have been a 90 minutes movie. I did enjoy the performances and it was great to see the wonderful Holly Hunter back on the big screen.	3
This is a cute movie with good actors. It has a lot of funny one-liners and well-written scenes, but meanders a bit past the midpoint and could use about ten minutes trimmed off the runtime. Worth a look if you want a pleasent movie experience.	3
Michael Showalter's "The Big Sick" is a hilarious and heartfelt romantic comedy. With a razor-sharp screenplay, Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon brilliantly bring their harrowing romance to life. With each gut-busting scene, the supremely talented cast carry laughs while deftly weaving in drama between the lines. Reenacting his own story, Nanjiani has great comic timing with trenchant jokes about life as an immigrant, the struggles of stand-up comedy, and his very unique situation. Romano and Hunter also give terrific performances as Emily's parents, Romano providing hilariously unfunny "dad jokes" as a father trying to keep his family together, and Hunter gradually transitioning from terrified uncertainty to eventual acceptance of the situation portrayed in the film. Kumail' family dynamic is brilliantly portrayed, providing tremendous insight into his roots. Showalter's direction is understated, and allows the actors and screenplay to shine (rightfully so) while still letting his own voice speak. Despite the heavy amount of comedy, the dramatic moments are very touching, well-written, and well-acted, occasionally prompting a chill down my spine. Overall, The Big Sick is incredibly smartly written with honesty, well-acted by a talented group of performers, and a very touching and funny film.	5
I knew they were funny, but who knew that comedians Ray Romano and Kumail Nanjiani were such gifted dramatic actors! All of the performances in this movie were hilarious, heartfelt and moving. A really excellent film.	5
Well done comedy romance that has you liking both parties. The clash between tradition and love is also well handled.	4
Successful execution of an old formula (RomCom). Great performances from the entire cast.	4
I'm ready to watch this again already.	4
Very warm and funny movie.	5
I liked and enjoyed all of the cast in "The Big Sick" - especially Holly Hunter who is one of my all time favorite actresses. The film has many humorous and touching moments - it's very relatable. However, as is the case with most true stories, there isn't a lot of action - and by that I mean no twists and turns, no depth to the story line. Basically one major event takes place which is in the title of the film, and like all romantic comedies, you know the outcome before the first scene plays. So the one unforgivable thing is that it plays for 2 1/2 hours! Otherwise it has my endorsement as a rental on a long rainy day or night.	3
Had a decent story line, but never really got going. My wife fell asleep during the move, and said if there was a ticket return line, she would have gotten in it.	3
Cultures collide....and they revived a relationship somewhere in there. I'd like to see more like this one...more real and less contrived	4
Laughed continuously throughout while also tearing up in places too! I would definitely recommend this movie.	5
Sincerely funny and just real	5
Evoking true emotion, The Big Sick is a perfect concoction of humor, heart, sadness, love, and the ups-and-downs of all of them. Never felt so strongly connected to three-dimensional characters in a film before. A remarkable, unforgettable film.	5
Excellent movie! Great story!	4
Nice story but so many lame parts. Don't go if ur tired. Ha	2
So much of this was really awful. The script. So contrived. I almost walked out. Holly Hunter and Ray Romano kept me there, but barely. The dialogue really really bad. The peopl say things they would NEVER say in real life. I cringed throughout. And I felt angry that so many critics gave this a decent review.	1
worth seeing, cool story	3
Billed as a comedy-romance, it's neither. And because it's based on a true story written by the real-life couple, the depiction of their shallow courtship is an embarrassment, as is their attempt to create humorously clever dialog, which was clumsily un-humorous and un- clever. This, compounded by mediocre acting, ZE-RO on-screen chemistry, and a difficult to watch lead actress, made it a tough to 2 hours to endure. The family dinner table scenes were good for a few chuckles, but enough time will NEVER pass for anyone, especially a Muslim character, to make a cheap joke in reference to 9-11. With regard to the multicultural angle of the movie, the best and most thought provoking line in the movie (and worthy of serious contemplation) was was spoken by the son to his strict Muslim mother and was something like, "You brought me to America, yet want me to act and behave like we live in the country we escaped from."	1
This was a major surprise and really worth the review.It's So So funny. With a great story.Well worth the watch.	4
What's not to like here? Excellent movie about love and much more. Nice to see a movie that reflects real life, not the life that most snotty Hollywood producers believe most people lead. Real AND enjoyable from start to finish!	5
Very funny and intelligent. Strong performances too.	5
Great movie, comedy, drama, and sad parts.	5
A true story and the perfect date movie. I laughed alot, and I'm not afraid to admit teared up a few times.	5
best movie I've seen all year	5
A perfect movie. Funny, charming, heart warming. Loved it.	5
Think it's got to be my favourite rom-com ever.	5
It's a serious love letter to real life. Not just the funniest romcom in ages, it's one of 2017's best films.	5
Enjoyed everything about this movie! a must see!	4
The best part of this wonderful movie is that it is driving the deplorables/ Nazis/ racists/ Republicans insane. I've watched at least three have verbal diarrhea right here! What is really telling that they didn't see the movie is how wrong they got the plot!This movie has a solid 98% and it's driving them insane.The only thing better than this movie is watching how low they will stoop and how vulgar they get because a " Muslim movie" is getting great reviews. Things aren't working out as well for the Hatefuls as it is for the pocketbooks of the people who made this movie. I would say this was in the top ten romcoms I've seen. See it and review it. Pay no attention to the racists behind the curtain.	5
Funny yet poignant movie, with good acting, and happy to see Ray Romano!	5
an outstanding film and one of the best (and only good) movies to come out this year.	4
Very relatable comedy	5
Love this movie. Ray Romano and Holly Hunter were perfect. A very funny love story.	4
Probably went into this movie with higher hopes than I should have. The entire film felt very slow and I was waiting on every joke as they were few and far between. It wasn't until Ray Romano and Holly Hunter appear when it managed to make me laugh a few times. The film altogether felt very predictable and when you begin to see where the story is going, it keeps on going, and going...	2
I did not know what to expect when I went to see this movie. However I was pleasantly surprised. I loved it!	4
As much as it seems Judd Apatow is producing too much of the same type of film, I think each one keeps fresh with a more personal approach with a unique take on it. "The Big Sick" really has a powerful personal story behind it that makes it highly entertaining and relentlessly touching. Despite some manipulative emotional moments and unrealistic plot turns that I think were forced into the script and not actually taken from true story, it's got the Apatow comedy touch mixed with the raw character chemistry that I don't think I'll ever get sick of.	4
Touching story. Beautifully told.	5
My new favorite romantic comedy. I love that this is based on a true story and what a happy ending! I will watch this again and again.	4
wow, what an engaging story!	5
One of the better movies this year. Holly Hunter and Ray Romano essentially steal the movie. They are pretty awesome. The script was so fresh and original and not tired. Very funny, while also tugging at the old heart string. However, it did not feel forced at all. I hope they remember this at awards season. Kumal's RBF was pretty distracting, but that is a total minor thing. Poor guy can't help the way he comes off. The three different plots - his family, his girlfriend, his gf's family - never felt too much. Sometimes that is just too much to follow. Very well done.	4
the critics promised a "fresh spin on romcom" but clearly none of them have seen korean dramas where this kind of plotline is rehashed to death. the comedy itself is sometimes funny and is the only thing bringing up this rather deprecating film	2
Based on the actor's true life. Traditional and modern words can mix and it's pretty funny and heart-warming.	5
Already knew the comedian's story beforehand, but I was still so completely drawn into the turns and twists of this movie. Laughed loudly and often and had just enough sweetness without it being eye-roll-y. In the end I wanted to spend a whole week with the characters, rather than just the two hours I got. But I'll just have to settle for buying the movie. Off the top of my head, couldn't recommend another movie I've seen this year more.	5
I haven't laughed this hard in a while. Hands down the best rom-com! Such a sweet love story.	5
The Big Sick is an entertaining movie. This is based on Kumail Nunjiani's life and his relationship. The film is a rollercoaster of emotion from happy to sad, from heart-warming to heart-breaking. Ray Romano and Holly Hunter are great supporting roles that help guide the story from beginning to end with all sorts of emotions and laughs There was a lot to take away from this movie including real social problems and understanding an unfamiliar culture that exists in the United States.	4
Great film. Funny, touching and entertaining. This is the way romantic comedies should be done.	4
Good performance by lead actor - not so much by his partner.	4
Kumail Nanjiani is outstanding, the rest of the cast is excellent, and the story is incredibly funny, heartfelt, and well-written.	4
An authentic and real story that you can relate to and feel empathy for. The connection between Kumal and Zoe is one that the viewer falls for and puts all hope towards. The perfect balance of heart and laughter, it brings out all the feels. It's got that special something!	5
I can't stop smiling when I think about this movie	5
Fast paced, sympathetic but not cheesy, it has a real warmth to it. Always fun to see how other cultures deal with the pressures of marriage and family expectations.	4
The Big Sick is a rarity in today's cinema. A genuinely funny comedy that is clever and doesn't resort to cliche. It is a little joy of a film that is totally satisfying. Whip smart comedian Kumail Nanjiani has written a film with his true life wife based on their courtship with basically Kumail playing himself. It's a unique journey as he battles the conflicts of love and family traditions. The humour is smart and gentle and there is romance there as well. The cast is great especially Romano and Hunter as the parents of his love interest. It's refreshing to enjoy a comedy has doesn't resort to the lowest common denominator. A total pleasure of a film.	4
Great acting. Interesting story. Simple but effective. Directed well. You're in the movie 100% of the time.Maybe 5 stars but I'm holding back because it's a bit cliche.Very good. I even recommend the movie, and who does that?	4
A really fresh and extremely funny romantic comedy. The movie is very very heartfelt too. Kumail Nanjiani is the break out star, his writing and his lead performance are both exceptional. Zoe Kazan is very good but the supporting performances of Holly Hunter and Ray Romano are phenomenal. It just runs a tad long.	4
The Big Sick is a sweet rom com a la My Big Fat Greek Wedding. This time the guy is Pakistani. Kumail Nanjiani and Emily Gordon did a nice job conveying the humor of their own story, and Nanjiani and Zoe Kazan do a good job bringing it to life. The script could have benefited from fewer resorts to the F bomb, but is otherwise charming.	4
The phrase "art imitating life" has almost never been applied so literally in any movie I've seen in recent memory, for real life subjects and screenplay co-writers Emily V. Gordon and Kumail Nanjiani successfully spin a yarn that's not only uniquely and undeniably their own, but one that's earnest, warm, heartfelt, and uncommonly funny. Major props also go to the sure-handed direction from Michael Showalter and some memorable supporting turns from both Holly Hunter and Ray Romano.	4
I really liked this movie! slow in a couple of spots. But I liked the ride.	4
The movie was fine. I really enjoyed the acting from Holly Hunter and Ray Romano. My favorite character was Kumails roommate. I feel like i couldn't connect with Zoe's character at all. She really took me out of it. Kumail looked like he was going to laugh at all the emotional and sad scenes.	3
A genuinely nice romantic comedy with so much more going for it makes this film stand out among a crowded genre. It's not about the struggle of them falling in love, it's about the struggle of her illness, which brings everyone together and really evolves the characters from what we see at the start. Everyone's acting is perfect; they all convey the right emotions at the right time, and the end scene is wonderful. A really enjoyable film.	4
The Big Sick is de meest oprechte romantische komedie van het jaar, dat vol humor, hart en emotionele drama zit. Maar naast dat, weet de film ook onderwerpen aan te tackelen die normaal nooit in het rom-kom genre besproken worden, wat ervoor zorgt dat je er ook nog wijzer van wordt. Ga deze film zien !	5
I wanted to see this based on the great ratings for being a unique romantic comedy with a Pakistani lead---not knowing Ray Romano or Holly Hunter were in it or why it was called the Big Sick. Wow, I loved it! The script and plot were refreshingly different than any basic Jennifer Aniston plus (fill in the blank) mainstream romcom, introducing a bit of Pakistani cultural norms (arranged weddings) and what it's like for a Pakistani American in the US (as Aziz does in Master of None for Indian Americans). Holly Hunter and Ray Romano as the parents of Emily, however, were brilliant---arriving at a critical point in the movie-- I appreciated talented experienced veterans who I hadn't seen in a while, reminding us how great each one is. The story could have proceeded in a number of different ways, but we didn't predict what would happen. Maybe the film was slightly too long, but I was so happy with the overall results and highly recommend.	4
Full of more comedy and romance than any other rom-com I've seen, with a healthy dose of drama and power to boot. It's just proof that some of the best stories ever told can be our own.	5
Amazing heartfelt and honest movie. Very funny and moving.	5
Thoroughly clever and well done. Was entertained from the start to the finish.	4
this is a hard film not to like even though there isn't a lot great about this film	3
Two maybe three laugh out loud moments in a vanity project based on the protagonist's own real life relationship. Predictable and clichÃ (C)d. When Kumail is given the option of Coma inducing his on/off girlfriend you sort of hope the audience will sleep for the rest of the movie too. See the trailer then you've seen the best of the film, Would be a better as a 2 minute movie.	2
Affecting, heartfelt and often hilarious. Hey, I even liked Ray Romano.	4
This was everything I wanted it to be and more!	5
It's like spending an evening with your funniest, most interesting friends. Loved, loved, loved this movie.	4
Currently kicking myself in the butt for putting this one off for so long. If I hadn't, this would have been my third or fourth time having seen it I swear to god. It's amazing how you let the best things slip right through your fingers. Now I'm just waiting for blu ray release.I don't think there were that many people crying around me even in Manchester by the Sea. I'm not a cryer but hell, even I was on the brink of a complete breakdown. Everything about it, so beautiful, sad, and yet the funniest thing I've seen all year, hands down. So many of the shots nearly brought me to tears as well, such a beautifully shot and well done film! This is why I'll never let anyone sleep on Holly Hunter and what she can do. I'm not the biggest Ray Romano fan, but even he stole it for me.Line that'll stick with me: You'll know the woman you want to spend the rest of your life with when you cheat on her. When you cheat on her and, and ya just feel like shit.The fact that this small indie film cost about $20 (exaggerating) to make but has stuck around for so long says a lot, and I hope all of you get the opportunity to see and support it	5
I laughed so hard I embarrassed myself. Can't wait to watch it again!	5
Loved it! Well written, well acted and the amount of comedy/quick wit pleasantly surprised me. I would go see this film again....	5
A little long, real funny but would 10/10 if it had more date scenes.	4
A little long, but good movie. Zoe Karan is great. I have never not liked her in a movie.	4
At the time of this review the current rating is 90% audience, 98% critic. I feel that it seems like Amazon must have worked these number because although not offensive with moments of humor, this was not Star Wars quality, it seemed rather sleepy with disjointed editing.	3
Finally, an American fim where a main character is not Caucasian can still gain a not bad result of box office. I am quite surprised that there were jokes abut terrorism which I thougt was an extremely sensitve issue. Maybe it is just similar to the fact that gays are allowed to use the "F" word.	4
'The Big Sick' is a rom-com, but not of the usual formulaic variety, with no clichés, due to it being based on Kumail (Nanjiani, from 'Silicon Valley') & Emily (Kazan, from 'Ruby Sparks')'s real-life story. Directed by Showalter ('Wet Hot American Summer') and produced by Apatow (every comedy from the last 10 years), the film starts as a simple boy-meets-girl story - he's a stand-up comic in Chicago, she's studying to become a therapist. They steadily fall in love - it's nice & unforced.Because this is a true story and not a fictional "everyone's happy" tale, Emily gets an infection and has to be put into a coma. Kumail then meets her parents, Terry (Romano) & Beth (Hunter), who are cold at first, as he wouldn't even tell his traditional Pakistani parents about Emily. The film handles the time at the hospital and dealing with strangers that all care for a common person very well.There's plenty of laughs, and heaps of heart, with both the leads being charming and coming across as normal and relatable. The parents are great, with all the actors being in fine form. It's possibly a tiny bit long, but even though it has some sad moments, it has a good ending and leaves you feeling happy.	4
Quite good and funny. Two culture ,how different from each other,but They can work together and the end	4
Not sure why this rating is so high. This is a disjointed, poorly cast movie. Some funny one liners but b rate acting by all actors	2
great movie....so funny and touching...a must see	5
Emotional and funny! Great movie. A must see!	5
Cried and laughed out loud - touching, real and intelligent.	4
So nice to have a movie that strikes the heart and so well done.	5
This movie was good but should not be marketed as a comedy. Very heartfelt & touching.	4
One of the best movies I've seen in years. The character development and dialogue was fantastic. This is based on Humial's life story. The cultural humor was so funny. The behind the scenes look at a comedians life was very interesting. Four very strong performances but Zoe's character Emily was an Oscar rated performance. This movie has much to offer both sexes all ages. This is not a dumbed down comedy so only sophisticated movie goers that are open to a different culture and way of life will enjoy it.	4
so endearing and ray ramano / holly hunterdynamic was unexpected and precious while comedically underplayedi will be seeing this film many more times	5
While it is enjoyable, it does not live up to the hype. The dry humor and delivery are great. It's the realistic spin on While You We're Sleeping, but it doesn't feel as memorable because the movie moves from punch line to awkward moment in the relationship. There is a spark, but it's more about the maturing of Kumail leaving his family and tradition than a romantic comedy.	2
Great dessert after dinner movie that appeals to the open-minded, intelligent crowd. Holly Hunter is magnificent.	4
I may be a little biased as I'm a huge fan of Kumail, but this was truly great.	5
Fun stuff. Refreshing to watch this comedy. Pleasant surprise	4
It would have been a very good movie without the "crass" element. Not everyone wants crude movies.	1
Pretty funny, but also a little sad.	3
Good blend of comedy and romance	3
Nothing like a real movie about life, love and surviving. Captured my heart!	3
10/10 would recommend. Hilarious. Charming. Truly a great movie.	5
Funny, touching, great story telling and characters.	5
Best comedy in a long while	5
I am somewhat familiar with Kumail Nanjiani from some podcasts and I?ve always found his brand of comedy humorous. I should have known that a movie based on the real events of his life where he stars as himself would have me laughing harder than any movie I?ve seen in theaters this decade. Kumail has this awkward and somewhat uncomfortable demeanor that makes me connect with him almost instantly. Zoe Kazan plays the girl he is dating (Emily) and she has a true girl-next-door quality, but with some quirkiness added as well. Their interactions are like the stuff of the great romantic comedies of the past. I don?t know why we don?t get movies like this any more, but it warmed my heart so much. The rest of the cast is loaded with a bunch of separate groups that all play an important part in Kumail?s life, and his interactions with each group was handled well. The biggest standout pair were Holly Hunter and Ray Romano who join the film in the second act, and they have a huge impact on everything that happens from that moment on. The Big Sick had just the right balance of humor and heart. It would touch me emotionally and then out of nowhere a one-liner would be dropped in that broke the tension and had everyone in the theater laughing. I love how it focused in on Kumail?s heritage and how that affected his relationships too. There was so much to like about this film that I?m struggling to come up with any complaints. Perhaps the only negative was that I know how things turn out at the end, so there was a slight lack of suspense when it seemed the movie was attempting an escalation in tension. But that?s really stretching to complain about an all-around good time at the movies, because The Big Sick might be my favorite movie so far in 2017 and it?s one I?m anxious to watch again soon. I highly recommend everyone check it out.	4
Fantastic movie. Nice story, very funny. Best I've seen this summer.	5
A triumph. A fun modern love story, with laugh out loud moments and tangible heartbreaking moments you can feel weighing on your chest.	5
No wonder everybody loved this movie! It's simple and charming, but - more importantly - Nanjiani knows that great comedy comes from storytelling more than punchlines. The characters all feel real (maybe because they are?), and the scenes feel real as a result. From a great cast to a cultural conflict that managed to be both funny and thoughtful, you couldn't help but care and laugh simultaneously. If all romantic comedies were like this, I would see more of them.	4
Unfunny, manipulative and weirdly unpleasant. Plays life and death issues for not many laughs -- yeah, lets go see that "girl in a coma RomCom" ("Romcoma"?), they're always fun. I am a big fan of Kumail Nanjiani and at his best he's got a wonderful deadpan humor, but other than a moment where he presumes his standup audience will share his love of obscure cricket tactics, there's not much of that on display here.Happy that Kumail and his wife found love and that she survived multi organ failure, but this ain't a fun or inspiring movie, although it does answer the question "what's a great Bill Cosby date movie?"-- How 'bout that one with the girl in a pharmacologically induced coma?	1
The ?? wants , what the ?? wants :-)	4
Too much unnecessary crude language.	3
Not typically a romantic comedy fan but this movie was simply amazing! Based on a true story and all. Kumail Nanjani and his wife Emily Gordon really put together one of the best rom com movies I've ever seen. I had a lot of laughs, it made me feel sad and it made me feel hopeful. Highly recommend.	5
this was a good movie, didn't even know what to expect	4
I really enjoyed the movie thought it was heartfelt, funny at times, serious at others, the cultural/religion aspect dealt with really Well! Overall a great movie!	4
The Big Sick deftly avoids most of the romantic comedy problem areas, and does a great job of breathing fresh air into the genre. From the writing to the performances, it is wholeheartedly clever and organic. Ray Romano and other supporters are just as compelling as the central cast (which is not easy to do), and all of the emotional pieces amongst the comedy are completely earned.	4
One of the funniest & charming Rom Com's to come out of Hollywood in years, an upbeat but stirring film about a Pakistan Stand Up Comedian & his new New York Girlfriend.The impact lies in the terrific blend of honest humor & genuine heartfelt emotion. Terrific performances this is a must see film.Had me laughing many times & had me emotionally also...fresh, funny & relevant this film is terrific!!!	4
The Big Sick - This was a very good movie that everyone should see! As everyone was well cast - you felt the - awkwardness - joy - pain - humor - & love though many of the scenes you were watching!	5
Great movie, well written, well cast, warm, funny, topical, and thoroughly entertaining.	5
Amazing and funny. Great story	5
Probably the first smart comedy in a long time. Humor is sometimes straight but most the time sneaks up on you or comes in sideways. Could rank as a rom-com & beats anything put out in that genre in the last 10 years too. Loved Holly Hunter since Raising Arizona and she, as well as Ray Ramapo don't disappoint.	4
My husband and I loved this movie from start to finish. By far the best movie all year. Each of the four stars was great and convincing. The emotional range of the movie -- from clever comedy to sadness -- was surprising, and the cultural issues were woven seamlessly into the film.	5
Incredible film. Kumail's performance was exceptional. The movie is funny when it tries to be and very god when it tries to be dramatic. An amazing way to see Kumail's story.	5
Surprisingly good movie. Bring tissues. :)...Funny, real, sad, and heartwarming.	4
The Big Sick is a refreshing take on the rom com genre that will have you busting a gut laughing at one minute and then sobbing uncontrollably the next.	5
A tad long, could have been edited down. But overall, it is unexpectedly fantastic.	4
He shortchanged on the characterization of the Pakistani Women he is set up with. Except for one, the rest seem like butt for his jokes. The pressure to conform on Pakistani Women who were either born or grew up in the US is far, far greater than men like Kumail feel. Other than that, a very good movie.	4
Was really hoping for more but it just fell kinda flat for me	3
I don't usually like movies like this but was desperate to hit the theater. I was completely surprised at how great this was. Totally engaging, funny and never a dull moment. I liked it so much I spent 20 minutes googling the lead characters	5
A funny, honest and heartwarming story about interracial love in the 21st century.	3
Best comedy I've seen in years!	5
slow moving rom com. Had a few decent moments but most of it was flat and the humour was based on race and religion and wasn't really that funny.	3
The best movie I saw this year!!!	5
Finally, a modern romantic comedy that is both romantic and comedic. Easily the best script of the year, it's an overwhelmingly beautiful portrait of pure, real love. The characters are rich, expressive, colorful and distinct. All performances are strong, but Romano is an absolute stand out and deserves awards recognition. A lovely and honest true story, that realistically and soulfully allows the comedy and drama to sit right against each other.	4
Slow moving but sweet romance story. Based on true story. Enjoyed the characters and acting.	3
Another great from Apatow ??	4
A terrific rom-com that blends the comedic and the dramatic well. Kumail Nanjiani and Zoe Kazan are well cast in the leads and Ray Ramano and Holly Hunter almost steal the show. Director Michael Showalter dors a great job and balancing the different plotlines with each getting its due and none of it feeling out of place.	4
Very good film. Very funny at times, touching at others. Both sets of parents are great in their roles. Worth seeing.	4
Start to finish engaging film. No special effects other then great acting and storyline. Wonderful	5
As awkwardly funny as it is true, Kumail Nanjiani, playing himself, and Emily V. Gordon co-write the screenplay based on their unlikely interracial romance and consummately milking fresh laughs from dire circumstances of cross-cultural confrontations, dysfunctional parents and the leading girl in a coma.	3
Good but slow and quirky	3
Story of my life a few years ago	4
Terrible. Who is it that are giving this movie such good ratings? Definitely not worth the $9 admission and waste of my time. Wished I had been sleep so I could have taken a nap.	1
The Big Sick was a big surprise. I like to be brief with my reviews because 10 paragraphs is just mean so here are my thoughts. This movie is really cute, really funny, and very heartwarming. It's also an original love story. I haven't seen a a rom-com quite like this one which goes to show that the best stories really do come from real life. I'm a very tough movie critic. I'm especially tough on comedy and rom-com genres because they used to be so great and have gone to hell for the past couple decades. The Big Sick is refreshing and hopefully a sign of what's to come. You really won't be sorry if you see this one.	5
A bit slow establishing itself but eventually riveting and really thoughtful. No clichés for me. It almost went sentimental but held on. Excellent.	4
Great romcom, with terrific supporting roles by Ray Romano and Holly Hunter. Lots of will they/won't they twists. Bring the Kleenex.	5
It was a good movie, I enjoyed it. But I don't think it stands to the rave reviews it has. I fee that the story lacked depth and the characters lacked emotion.	3
extremely well done story and character development. This is the reason you go to the movies.	4
This movie has forever ruined all other romcoms as they will never come close to matching how good this movie is.	5
The Big Sick is a fantastically moving and funny dramedy with a breakout performance from Kumail Nanjiani	4
I laughed, I cried. Perfect date movie.	5
"The Big Sick" is a truly fantastic film that connects with viewers on the most basic of premises--love. Kumail Nanjiani (playing a character of the same name) and Zoe Kazan ("Emily Gardiner") have excellent chemistry on screen, and it's difficult to not fall in love with their characters as they fall in love with each other. When Emily falls into a medically-induced coma shortly after the couple breaks up, however, is when the movie elevates itself to another level. Nanjiani does a great job of showing the struggle his character goes through as he has to choose between this girl and his family, a traditionally Pakistani family who expects him to have an arranged marriage. Joining Nanjiani during this trying time are Emily's parents, portrayed brilliantly by Ray Romano and Holly Hunter. Romano delivers a touching, fatherly performance as he wars with both the thought of losing his daughter as well as tension between him and his wife. Hunter puts forth a standout character as Emily's mother, showing the stress and fear that parents face when they see their child in danger. "The Big Sick" cannot be rightly called a romantic comedy, as it is so much more than that. It has depth and heart that is rarely found in many movies today, and it will make audiences laugh, cry, and love until the final shot.	4
A real love story with real love and no easy solutions, even though the ending was pretty predictable. Acting was spot on and the pacing was easy to take.	3
Really enjoyed this movie...felt a little long at times but overall it was great!	5
Great movie! My husband doesn't usually like rom-coms but he really enjoyed this movie. It is a very well written, smart and funny movie. Will see it again soon.	5
Just too slow in some parts - 10 mins shorter would have made it a tighter film.	4
Do yourself a favour, go see it. You will be taken from belly laughs to tears and back again. You will certainly feel uplifted. A new spin on this genre. Original and cleverly thought out.	5
I saw The Big Sick (2017) at a late showing with my girlfriend. She was worrying that she would fall asleep - she didn't. This film is great. The Big Sick is as much about life as it is about love. Engaging, deft shifting across genres ensures there's something for everyone here. The Big Sick identifies with a genre that everyone thinks has been bled dry, and yet manages to be wholly original. It's simultaneously endearing & challenging. It goes above & beyond 'boy-meets-girl' - it's a breath of fresh air. The perceptive & laugh-out-loud comedy is delightful throughout. The Big Sick's performances & script are perfect. It's authentic, heartfelt and uncompromising in its depiction of the good, bad and ugly sides of the couple's journey. I could have easily watched 2 hours more. The Big Sick is an emotional rollercoaster, and doesn't tell its audience how to feel. The story surprises you as it unfolds, with no clichés in sight. The Big Sick is the best rom-com I've ever seen. I'm a bit uninformed on the genre, but still! It's a sweet film and a lot of fun.	4
favourite film of 2017. its beautifully awkward and charming and has hilarious scences throughout the whole film. kumal and zoe's relationship is so natural and awkward. The supporting cast espically ray romano and holly hunter provide great humor and drama. when a film ends and you just want it to carry on happens but is prefect in your mind your on for a winner can't recommend enough.	5
This was an amazingly great movie !! I loved it !!	4
Just an incredibly funny, honest, and heartfelt true story. Memorable and one of the best comedies you'll see.	4
I like any movie that can make me laugh and choke you up at the same time. This movie manages both.	4
A lot to love. So this is about a Pakistani comedian (Kumail Nanjiani) who falls in love with a white girl (Zoe Kazan) in Chicago. They come from very different backgrounds, and the differences between cultures causes them to hit a rough patch. When she contracts a serious disease, he has to interact closely with her family, and it could end up defining their entire relationship. This was something that I was interested in, but being honest, it was actually my wife that pushed me over the edge and got me to see this in theaters. I've liked this comedian for a short while now (he's a great person to follow on Twitter), and I'm just going to go ahead and say it: this is a breakout performance he delivers here. The Big Sick is where the heartfelt meets laugh out loud comedy. You become invested in the story because you care about the characters, and that makes the laughs bigger and the poignant moments all the more touching. Everybody here is likable and easy to connect with. If you didn't already know how affable Nanjiani is, consider The Big Sick to be your springboard. This is about as much of one's self that you can possibly inject into a project, and it ends up feeling as authentic and personal as can be. I like Zoe Kazan a whole lot; even though she become comatose and is absent for a large part of her own story, she make a big impression at the beginning, making the most of her time on screen. What surprised me the most was how good the parents of both families are in this, especially Ray Romano. I just haven't seen him give a performance like this before; I know he will always be best known for Everybody Loves Raymond and the Ice Age movies, so it can be easy to forget that he is actually a talented actor. What won me over most about this movie is that it is a romantic comedy that feels real. These aren't cutesy problems that are fabricated for the big screen, designed to sweep you off your feet when the script deems it time to, these are real issues that don't have simple solutions and aren't resolved with a quick conversation. You can't expect somebody to break an entire lifetime of culture and become accepting just because it is time for somebody to have an epiphany, life doesn't work like that. Judd Apatow productions have the tendency to run about 25 minutes too long, and this is the first movie since The 40-Year-Old Virgin not to make me feel that way. There isn't exactly a twist at the end of this, but it does reveal something that I wasn't aware of going in, and it makes this story hold even more weight. I think this is pretty fantastic, and I highly recommend it for an extremely worthwhile date movie.	4
Cute but loooooong - so very very long	2
Excellent. Being in an interracial marriage, my husband and I both loved it and have recommended it to others.	5
The Big Sick is witty and charming, and its characters - both main and supporting - are easy to fall in love with. The script tackles challenging themes and crises with just the right blend of humor and temperament. The Big Sick is sure to be one of the most heartfelt, grounded and comical romantic comedies of the year. 9/10	4
It's one of the most adorable films I've seen in a long time! very charming and cute!	4
Incredible and very funny :)	5
Slow paced, no comedy, poor acting by main actor. Story could be done much better.	2
The Big Sick is a really sweet, charming and hilarious romantic drama about the true story of Kumail Nanjiani and the beginning of his relationship with now wife Emily V Gordon. This film stars Kumail Nanjiani as himself and shows him to be a likeable and funny lead actor with co-star Zoe Kazan in equal measurement. Along with Ray Romano and Holly Hunter as Emily's parents shining brightly too, this biopic evokes the themes of Woody Allen and successfully explores first time relationships and race culture with much zing and depth.	4
In these troubled times you need a good, heartwarmer of a movie, and this is it. It's funny, the actors are all great, and it's got a really touching story. If you can make the time, I would very much recommend it.	5
The rare rom-com with bite and true emotional heft. The writing is sharp and funny and, most of all, emotionally true. And for a change, there are no annoying sidekicks, gorgeous rivals, or improbable gimmicky situations. It's just straight-up real human beings with flaws who just happen to be really funny, and you fall in love with all of them.	4
Well directed, well acted, original, and one of the funniest movies of the year. A must see!	4
Very cute but it's definitely sad at some points. Not exactly my kind of Romcom but I enjoyed it none the less.	3
"The Big Sick" is a heartfelt, hilarious romantic comedy base upon the real life relationship between Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon.This was the best rom-com I've ever seen due to it's different angles and unique dialogue. At the end I just wanted the movie to keep going. It's one of those movies that really change your viewpoints on life.I am now a huge fan of Kumail Nanjiani and Amazon Studios.	4
Laughed and cried in equal measures.	5
Hilarious! Touching. Highly recommend it.	4
For the first time in a long time, I genuinely see no issues whatsoever with a movie. A comedy, tragedy, romance, in that order. Refreshing and unique. A true treasure.	5
A surprising, and funny, look at victory over xenophobia, one family at a time.	5
It was great. I would see it two or three times.	5
Smart, funny, poignant, great cast-really well done top to bottom. A solid RomCom wrapped around 2 big issues, the medical drama, and the ethnic/culture clash. As a former coma-patient, not as hard to watch as I was expecting.	5
Wonderful film, definitely one to add to the collection.	5
Quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen. It makes you laugh, makes you cry, and makes you laugh again.	5
Wow, really well done. Got to be one of the best movies this year.	5
This was a good movie and was funny. It would be a good movie to take a date. For all you players out there, I suggest that if you are interested in a girl from another culture that you take her to this movie. The chances are she will feel empowered and be more likely to accept your advances.	3
Funny, heart warming and great story!	5
Saw this as a preview with Odeon Screen Unseen. It wasn't as good as I had hoped for. The trailer seems to have captured most of the funny parts. Maybe it was because of the American setting, but I don't think it compared to East is East which is one of my favourite movies.	2
A good look. I didn't know his story, but it was about what I expected.	3
I've seen it twice and loved it. It made me laugh and cry so much. I loved seeing a romantic comedy that felt so real and grounded. Amazing and highly recommended.	5
It's not especially funny but it's likeable enough. I think Ray Romano may have been the best thing about it for me.	3
Omg, I haven't laughed this hard at a movie from start to finish in ages. What a great movie, extremely well written and a stellar, well chosen cast. Holly Hunter is spectacular. There are also lots of poignant moments in this dramady but it's more laughs than tears, especially since its based on a true story and with very little research you can reduce the outcome. Go see this movie, you'll be glad you did!	5
Way too much overrated on this website. It was worth watching with good and bad aspects but is not a topper. I am losing faith in this website rating system something is wrong with it, it doesn't work.	2
Thoroughly enjoyable RomCom. Perfect summer movie full of laughs and surprising performances. Yes it follows the typical RomCom formula...but, ummm that's why it's a formula!	4
The Big Sick is the first movie of 2017 to thoroughly exceed my expectations. Not only is it extremely funny, but it is entirely authentic, bringing a powerful depth of humanity to the story and its characters. I laughed out loud an insane number of times. I wanted to immediately watch it again.#TheBigSick	5
Charming, funny, and surprisingly touching. A good story well acted and well directed. Thoroughly entertaining. Great date night movie.	5
Such a great movie. It hit really close to home because something similar happened to me and my girlfriend, now wife. We both cried while watching.	5
i liked the story but all the funny scenes were in the trailer and I feel like the romance wasn't as palpable as the 98% rating makes it seem. sad!	3
With its well observed and well crafted characters- intelHere's a gentle film that warmsligently cast with a undertow of humour throughout the script- It's not really a RomCom at all - the romance is actually one of the less compelling facets, and it's funny not in terms of belly-laughing gags , but in how humour underpins the humanity, and smoothes the problems within the strained relationships on show.Kumail and Emily meet at the small Comedy Club where he performs "always the stand-up" and are both happy with a fleeting one-night stand that lingers and morphs into something bigger that changes the basis of thei relationship - so far, so usual - but the family tensions here- Kumail is a Pakistani and the only thing his family ask is that he marries a Pakistani girl - creep in and the false foundations of relaltionship start-up are exposed and there's a bust-up.Then illness intervenes - Emily is hospitalised, and has to be put into a drug-induced coma, (no they didn't use The Smiths wonderful song at ay point in the film...)and here the film really starts to sing - Kumail is forced into time spent with Emiyl's parents and the development of this relationship is a joy to follow- some great scripting and acting and the film manages to avoid all the usual sentimental traps- we found ourselves really warming to these goofy three-dimensional people who had been thrown together in a hospital waiting area, with all its absurdity, anxiety and boredom.The time spent in the hospital strains Kumail's relationship with his own family because he misses the set-ups with eligible young Pakistani women that his mum has arranged for him, and the truth he has been hiding from his family arrives to bite him.You always know it's going to end well, but this film really engaged us and satisfied with its gentle mocking of the lives of the characters whom you really warm to.We recommend it - just a good film about human beings doing what they do in family situations with a wry smile to our failings and weaknesses	4
Beautiful movie! Romantic comedy with comedy-drama....a masterpiece!	5
Tough call here. I did enjoy watching but his monotonous humor makes me think my jokes are funny which probably helps my stature with my wife. But nevertheless, it was difficult to find laughs throughout... I mean the role is based upon a stand up comedian so I would think having months of preparation would yield some good material but it's more of a romance then a comedy and the love doesn't exactly light up the screen. Harsh review for someone who liked the film.... I know. Still one of the more decent films out nowadays.	3
Thoroughly enjoyed this; well-written, well-acted and very much needed in today's society. I'm not going to say this story is original; as someone with an Asian background, this is a story and conflict I've seen frequently in south Asian film and books but I will commend kumail for sharing his real life love story and Judd for using his name to get the issue brought to a more prominent platform. Kudos also to Judd for taking on a new demographic of characters and social issues; was getting really tired of the knocked up, this is 40, and 40 year old virgin privileged dilemma storylines :/	4
Funny. Edgy. A little romance too.	5
Nice story and can learn a lesson or two in life from watching this movie.	4
Very funny and emotional.	5
Probably the best comedy of the summer. It's a romantic comedy that is a perfect match between the funny moments and the love moments that make you care about the characters. Plus, I'm all for a stand-alone movie with just Ray Romano and Holly Hunter's characters together.	4
Beautiful ... absolutely beautiful ...	5
Endearing and lighthearted story about falling in love at seemingly the wrong moment. How life presents you with incredible odds, yet you dig deep and keep going. Not a blockbuster movie though it's still a must-see.	3
Pleasant enough but not funny enough, dramatic enough and poignant enough. Meh	2
how this movie is showing AZ more than 90% of users giving approval, is beyond my comprehension. This movie is incorrectly labeled as a romance / comedy. the true genre of this film is a drama, and going into it expecting different leads to an epic let down.	2
No bloody way, started watching, left after 15 minutes, but I think for brain dead americans should be sort of okayish movie	1
Great date movie with lots of humor.	5
One of those subdued movies where the jokes make you go "ah" or "hm hm" rather than laugh, and the sad parts make you go "oh" or "aw" rather than cry. Genuine and charming and honest and not for me.	2
First review but felt compelled after seeing some of the crazy low ratings. Everyone has an opinion and I respect that but to me who doesn't usually go for this sort of sentimental movie I thought it was terrific. Well written and well acted. Ray and Holly were great choices and Kumail was incredible. Hope to see more from him soon.	5
Hilarious! Great casting n all of the roles, particularly Holly Hunter and Ray Ramano.	4
Well done, slow at times, but the acting makes you care about the characters.	4
Not many funny jokes really. Lots of slow parts. A bit unrealistic for being 'true'. Ray Romano and Holly Hunter are great but they have small parts. Plot is predictable with no surprises. Portrays Islam as backwards and oppressive - one of the few redeeming qualities of the film given today's political climate. Contines the trend of diminishing staying power of Apatow films over the decade. Unsure why this is classified as an Indie film; it was backed by the second richest man on the planet.	2
It was good not great. Not sure what all the fuss is about. Holly Hunter and Ray Romano were great. About 15:00 too long.	3
Loved this little gem, stunning performances, great moments to remember. Only criticism, "vocal fry" from the two lead actors was distracting.	5
The movie had my fiancé and I laughing the entire time. It was a great movie. I'd recommended it to anyone!	5
A great and refreshing take on romantic comedies, The Big Sick is great, funny, and heartfelt film that was deeply needed this summer.	5
"The Big Sick" is a great movie that works on every level. As a comedy, it is probably one of the funniest and well-written ones out there. I honestly can't think of one joke that fell flat and most of them had me laughing, and laughing hard. As a drama, it is one that tugs at your heart strings and feels very grounded in reality. The performances are good all around and the actors are all able to ride this line of drama and comedy exceptionally well. Kumail Nanjiani is someone I've known about but haven't really followed too much in the past. This movie definitely got me interested in seeing what else he's been involved with and any other future projects he is a part of. While he was great, I thought everyone else was too. The characters all had something to offer. The tonal shifts in the movie can be a bit jarring at times but overall I enjoyed both aspects of this film a whole lot. It's a unique romantic comedy that also will make you feel something. The movie also handles cultural differences and diversity in modern society in a really clever and genuine way. I am really hoping these more people get a chance to see this movie, it truly is one of the year's best. It's a one of a kind movie that is hilarious, heartfelt, and timely.	5
I don't know why this is so highly rated - it is original but it's just okay.	3
Loved every bit of it...	5
we have seen this kind of story in one form or another but being that it's based on a true story it's still welcome to see how sweet and sour it can be presentedthe beginning of the film is very adorable given that this Pakistani man falls for a white American girl, the middle of the film of actually very grim and disheartening to watch when 'the big sick' has this girl suffer a terrible ailment, but the end of the film does build itself back up having the boyfriend change on his own and learn from this experienceKumail and Emily are just cute together yet his family has strict tradition for him to marry whomever they pick and he risks being estranged from them if he goes against their wishes not to mention he'd rather do stand up comedy than be a doctor or a lawyer, Emily is very expressive in every way although she feels that Kumail makes her feel off in more ways than onewhen she gets very ill her parents show up to try and handle this ordeal as best they can; Ray Romano and Holly Hunter are so good even if their characters aren't in sync given the situation their daughter is inwhat can be said is that love isn't easy and they are right, love makes you sick in several ways, and for someone like Kumail his family just wants him to play it safe and follow the rulesit's best for all of us to find out what we want and what we believe this film is sweet, romantic, harsh and rewarding at the same timethe themes of two cultures crossing one another is handled pretty swiftly here	4
I thought that this film was well made and that the director had the Midas touch for knowing how to make an interesting story move without any false or gimmicky mechanisms. The main character is likable being a foreigner who resists the customs of his parents' generation. If you want to go relax and see a movie that's not a superhero production turnout so typical of the studios these days, I'd say to go one afternoon or evening, grab some popcorn and a soda, sit back, and enjoy a good story. This movie delivers it.	4
Not an inauthentic scene in the whole movie. Wonderful performances from the entire staff. Loved it!	5
Just ok......wait for DVD	2
highly entertaining !!	5
Completely lovely, heart warming, funny film.	5
Good story but somewhat unbelievable. Great performances and wonderful casting, but the story takes some wild imagination to believe..	3
Evidently not many people have seen it. It just was very boring. Not funny, not emotional, just a long drawn out conclusion.	1
Not many laughs, not much chemistry, nothing to get excited about here. I do not understand the rave reviews.	2
The rating rom-com doesn't nearly cover the corners and depths of this intimately told story. the Big Sick shows so many aspects of relationships and just be human.	4
Near perfect. Hilarious and heartbreaking film that flawlessly juggles numerous plot threads that all pay off; in a time when most romantic comedies can barely tell their basic story properly. This is a masterpiece that defies its genre's namesake.	5
Not a fan of the male lead but loved the story...the dialogue...everything else	5
"The Big Sick" is a refreshing turn on romantic dramas, with more than a few hilarious moments. Based on the real-life courtship between Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon, THE BIG SICK tells the story of Pakistan-born aspiring comedian Kumail (Nanjiani), who connects with grad student Emily (Kazan) after one of his standup sets. However, what they thought would be just a one-night stand blossoms into the real thing, which complicates the life that is expected of Kumail by his traditional Muslim parents.I honestly went into this movie knowing zero, nada. I didn't know anything about the plot, nor did I even have a general idea about what this film would be. All I knew was that this was something I probably didn't want to miss. At the end of the night, this was definitely something I didn't regret something. My heart had been hurting, my stomach was sore from laughter, and I was reminded that I'm single. But, anyways, here we go!The acting in this movie was definitely a plus. Kumail Nanjiani was fantastic as the lead actor, being very relatable and relaying more than a few gut punching jokes to us. His story and relationship with his traditional Muslim parents opens up a lot of new perspectives to my eyes, ones that I didn't previously have. Zoe Kazan was also great, even though she wasn't in the movie that much. She filled about half of the film, but she was great when she was on screen. I remember reading something and she had stated that this was one of the most respectable sets she had ever worked on. Everyone there was very nice and kind, which made the experience even better. That also gave me a lot more respect for this film. The parents, played by Holly Hunter and Ray Romano, were also really great and was awesome to see this recognizable actors perform well on screen. The story arks for their characters were really interesting, as they played a crucial role in this film. The story was the best thing about this film. I wouldn't say this is your typical romance drama, as an event happens about halfway through the film and things take a bit of a twist. Without spoiling it, rather than spending all of his time with the girl, Kumail spends more time with her parents. He gets to learn more about her and in return, figures out why he wants to be there. The underlying theme about Muslim families was so well done and so eye opening. If anything, that's an even bigger part of the story then the prime relationship, which was so valuable to have seen. The screenplay was also well written, exploring many different themes and combining a mix of emotions to give us a well thought, emotional flick. This movie is funny, and there were times where I couldn't hold my laughter back. I was dying in the theater, surprised at just how hard the jokes hit. It got to points where I almost wanted to cry, because the movie toys with your emotions and explores the love between multiple characters. It's also really insightful in its dealings with cultural traditions and expectations, which is still prevalent in today's world. There were plenty of topics here, but it never felt crowded. I felt like the film made great use of its run time and explored its ideas really well, even if the ending felt like it was just a bit too long and over done (although that's my only real gripe).In the end, I loved this film. It was everything you'd look for in this kind of film, and I'd certainly put this in my top 10 films of the year.	4
A great movie, truly funny and heartwarming.	4
Although in some ways it was a formulaic rom-com, its engaging performances from the lead characters made this movie fun to watch.	4
Really funny and moving dramedy. Fantastic all the way around.	5
Endearing, funny, and thought provoking. "The Big Sick" was way better than advertised. Another excellent film from Amazon studios. Kumail Nanjiani & Emily V. Gordon tell their fantastic story in a refreshingly tight and well produced script. The performances from Kazan and Nanjiani will keep you drawn into this film and it's characters. Never assuming the audience is too dumb to understand what's going on - the themes of love, understanding, and hope all come across so beautifully that you can't help but fall in love with all the characters involved. Sporting one of Ray Romano's best performances to date - him and Holly Hunter play off of each other almost better than Nanjiani and Kazan. Breaking the mold of the standard "Rom-Com" the cast, under the guiding eye of Michael Showalter ("Wet Hot American Summer", "Signs") the movie from start to finish flows beautifully between drama and comedy that the movie becomes the emotional roller coaster it was intended to be while providing a keen perspective into the lives of Gen-y and millennials issues in dealing with the archaic social "rules" that have no place in modern society. It's just a really good movie with a great message that will leave you with a smile. Go check it out.	5
Amazingly funny and heartwarming. I loved this movie. I laughed and cried which is always a good sign.	5
Love this movie. Very good	5
Overrated some good moments	3
The Big Sick was freaking amazing, if you want to laugh see this movie, if you want to cry see this movie, if you want to see one of the best movies of the year see this movie.	5
Fresh Take On A Rom Com	4
There are great laughs in this, but the film's emotional heart is what ultimately wins you over. This is touching and timely in a way you somewhat expect going in, but still surprised by when it quickly wins you over.	4
I have seen a lot of bad movies in my time but this one was AWFUL ! The first half of the movie was just a relationship a poor excuse of one ! Then in the middle and end they were in a hospital and not going to ruin the ending ! The movie was very boring in the first half ! I fell asleep and so did my grandma ! The middle was a lot more funny ! The ending was at last boring again.	2
Movie was slow. Comedy was not my cup of tea.	3
This film had me laughing non stop. Good to see something new in film.	5
The movie is great. The only problem it drags near the end of the film. Overall the movie hit every emotion to conclude to a feel good movie	5
Funny and heartwarming. Amazing cast!	4
Best movie I've seen in a long long time. I had no idea what it was about just said yes to a movie date at the last minute. Loved EVERY minute of it. There is something about TRUE stories that I adore.	5
The Big Sick is not your average run in the mill comedy. This film has heart, is extremely funny with some laugh out loud moments, and excellent drama. This film is far from cliche and has a great message. Kumail Nanjiana, Zoe Kazan, Holly Hunter, and Ray Romano are the stand outs. I really loved all the bits between Kumail and Ray they work really good together. The romance felt real between Kumail and Zoe and felt like they were a real couple and you were actually rooting for them. In my opinion what really makes this film great is the side characters. In most RomComs we only learn about our two main characters well in The Big Sick we learn about both of their parents and they both are relied on heavy in the film. The directing was also great. Michael Showalter made you feel like you were a fly on the wall watching real events. Basically this movie is great and you should go out and see it immediately!	4
Great romantic comedy. it was so fresh and amusing.	5
excellent, excellent, excellent. honest. funny. heartfelt. well written. just an all around fantastic film.	5
I laughed out loud many times. Great comedy that also pulls at your heart.	5
Best movie of 2017 so far!	5
There's a lot of good in here, and the emotional bits hit hard, but a lot of it rings very false and too clean. Kumail Nanjiani's acting leaves a lot to be desired in a lead role, and he doesn't do well in carrying the film.	3
I loved this feel good movie! Left in tears.	5
9.5 out of 10:It's starts to drag a bit near the end, but The Big Sick is still well acted, funny, heartbreaking, and smartly written.	4
I was very shocked at how much I enjoyed this movie. It was funny and deep, which is a hard thing to do in movies. It was movie date night last night and I picked this and my girlfriend loved it. I did too, and I am usually a Marvel/Star Wars type of movie guy. I love how simply funny the movie was and how his love for her was displayed. Watching someone you love go through something like that would be horrible, but he kept a positive vibe and bonded a little with her family. Ray Ramano was amazing in this movie too, his freak out in the comedy club I have been quoting all day. "This elevator goes all the way down!" Also, Kumail's family was priceless! I love that we get to see this other culture that I normally wouldn't see if not for this movie. I loved his mom, "Oh, who could that be?" lol She was cute in her attempts to get her son married.	4
Good funny sad at times movie based on a true story starring some Indian guy who was hilarious in this movie, some random white girl or woman who is the girlfriend to the Indian guy. I normally hate love romance movies but this time I felt more of a mood and felt for the characters more and I really enjoy that about a movie if I can feel for them. Love the Indian guy, I want to know his name.	5
Kumail Nanjiani is a successful stand-up comedian and comic actor (on television and in the movies) and also a writer and podcast host, but after his 2017 romantic comedy, "The Big Sick" (R, 2:00), he may be as famous for his personal life as anything else. Never mind that, before 2017, he already had about 60 acting credits on his resume, dating back to appearing in an SNL sketch in 2008. Since then, he had small roles in films like "Hot Tub Time Machine 2", "Hello, My Name is Doris", "Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates" and "Fist Fight". He also did a mixture of single appearances and recurring characters in TV series which included "Veep", "Drunk History" and "Garfield and Oates". Along the way, he started getting regular roles in shows like the Emmy Award-winning "Portlandia" and the Emmy and Golden Globe-nominated "Silicon Valley". Nanjiani's comedy has always sprung mostly from his ethnic background as a Pakistani-American and former Muslim, but he used his first opportunity to co-write and star in a feature film to get even more personal and do a semi-autobiographical movie about the difficult and comedic circumstances surrounding his relationship with an American woman named Emily V. Gordon. Nanjiani plays himself as a stand-up comedian in Chicago. He's having some success (with the help of some Uber driving on the side), but his very traditional Pakistani-American Muslim family wishes he would do something else with his life - like becoming a doctor or a lawyer - and get married. He has his own place (well, one he shares with a fellow comedian played by Kurt Braunohler), but he regularly eats dinner at his family's home, with his brother, Naveed (Adeel Akhtar) and Naveed's wife, Fatima (Shenaz Treasury), and Naveed and Kumail's parents, Azmat (Anupam Kher) and Sharmeen (Zenobia Shroff). At many of those meals, an eligible young Pakistani woman "shows up" to have dinner with the family. Kumail politely tolerates his family's match-making, but he's not interested in any of the women whom his mother invites over. After each of these dinners, he is given a picture of that evening's potential mate and a piece of paper listing her desirable qualities, which he takes home and tosses in a cigar box where they are not seen again, until Kumail opens the box to add the next "resume" to the pile.At one of Kumail's comedy club appearances, he meets an American girl named Emily (Zoe Kazan). Although neither are looking to start dating anyone, they start spending more and more time together and they fall in love. What Emily doesn't know is that no one else knows about their relationship. When she looks inside that cigar box in Kumail's bedroom and finds out that Kumail hasn't even told his family about her, she asks him if he can imagine them having a future together. It's a question that Kumail can't answer, so Emily breaks up with him. But soon after, Kumail gets a call from one of Emily's friends saying that Emily is sick and has been admitted to the hospital. He's conflicted, but he goes to her. Although she's not happy to see him, a doctor refers to Kumail as Emily's husband and gets him to sign off on placing Emily in a medically-induced coma, a move necessary to treat an aggressive lung infection.Emily's parents, Beth (Holly Hunter) and Terry (Ray Romano), show up at Emily's bedside the next morning and the whole situation goes from highly unusual to extremely awkward. Beth and Terry know about their daughter's relationship with Kumail and how it ended. Beth makes it very clear that Kumail is unwelcome at Emily's bedside, yet he remains in the hospital waiting room anyway. As Kumail, Terry and Beth wait for news of Emily's condition, Terry eventually starts talking with Kumail... and Beth reluctantly tolerates his presence. Through the long hours and days that the three of them end up spending together, they actually start getting along... but also disagreeing about decisions regarding Emily's care. And as Kumail is trying to navigate a tense relationship with Emily's parents and dealing with her illness, disagreements over the direction of Kumail's life come to a head between him and his parents, and he's also struggling, along with his fellow comedians (played by Bo Burnham and SNL's Aidy Bryant), to earn a spot in the upcoming Montreal Comedy Festival. That's a lot for one guy to handle. "The Big Sick" is an enjoyable and especially poignant romantic comedy. Besides the unusual situation in which Kumail finds himself regarding Emily (AND her parents!), his professional struggles add breadth to the story, while his relationship with his parents (and the cultural and religious issues that raises) adds depth. The film reminds me of two very good films, the 2004 Bollywood-style drama "Bride & Prejudice" and the 1995 Sandra Bullock rom-com "While You Were Sleeping", but this one has even more to say and features even better acting. Nanjiani is both funny and sympathetic and Kazan's character is adorable, strong, independent and intelligent. And the talented actors who play each set of parents are great in their roles. Director Michael Showalter (who directed the "Red Hot American Summer" movies and "Hello, My Name is Doris") nicely balances the film's humor with its drama and effectively blends the various stories. This movie is too sweet, funny and deep to miss. "A-"	4
A romantic comedy that effortlessly oscillates between sweet, heartbreaking, and provides a view into a first generation immigrant's struggle with adhering to cultural values. The film is backed by great casting, refreshing dialogue, particularly how well trodden the genre is.	5
Love, love, love this movie! My favorite of the year.	5
Don't see the hype Blah	1
this one hit me right in the feels. I could've done without so many stand-up scenes but that's just me, could see why it was enjoyable to others. this is some of Apatows best work. It's romantic and fun, the dry humor works. Ray and Holly really make the movie pure!	4
This movie shows two different people from two different cultures one is Pakistani one American and coming together.	5
A rare film where just everything is well done. Well-acted, well-directed, and especially well-written with well developed characters all around... what more could you ask for?	5
Read their story in Glamour and loved the movie. True love story fans won't miss this one! Both sets of parents were great acting. Well written and directed. Another A+ for Mr. Apatow!	4
This was a drama, not a comedy, and a boring, average drama at that. Holly Hunter was the only actor making this movie worth watching. Rotten Tomatoes really let me down on this one... wow. :(	3
Refreshing film with a real plot, believable characters & solid acting versus comic superhero flicks and endless sequels that fill American theaters. The film concerns two courageous people that breakout of their cultural bubbles to find love.	4
Great movie! Fun romantic comedy! Great date night movie. Humor is dry but lol funny!	5
Best comedy I've seen in over a decade. Smart, funny, thoughtful with fully realized characters and some of the most gut-busting wisecracks I've heard in a very, very long time. HIghly recommended!	5
Lovely heartbreaking comedy. Ray Romano and Holly Hunter had great chemistry as the parents of Emily. About fifteen minutes too long but still brilliant.	4
Heartwarming moments. Enjoyed. Think started slow and then I was drawn into movie. Go see.	4
Sencilla, entretenida, con grandes actores, llena de clichés y muy buena resulta esta comedia sobre una mas de las tantas culturas trasplantadas a EEUU, en este caso paquistaníes, y los problemas con sus hijos de primera generación. Gran papel de Ray Romano!	4
A new movie added to my favourites list!	5
"The Big Sick" is big laughs, bigger heart. About falling in love, and the possibility and paradox of life. Kumail Nanjiani and Zoe Kazan are amazing. Holly Hunter is awesome. She is the spirit of the movie that of seeing the best in people and forgiveness.	5
Probably the most entertaining romantic comedy I've ever seen. Very funny and very emotional.	4
It was funny, and overall quite a good movie. However, at times there were some confusing moments where it was hard to distinguish if one should be laughing or serious... and there wasn't quite the robust casting necessary to fully pull off some of those dramatic moments. Some tinges of gloom with the family troubles, but the ending was rather up-lifting. 4 slices of cheese!!! One of the funniest scenes!!!	3
This movie was just OK. It is mislabeled as a comedy. It is a drama with about 10 jokes. It's a real downer. It seemed like a straight to DVD movie. I was very disappointed because all of the advertising made me think it was a Rom-Com.	2
A non traditional rom-com with a whole lot of funny and awkward.	4
Just walked out of this movie. We loved it for many (and all) reasons . . . story, acting, comedy, etc. Takes you through the full gamut of emotions and you leave reflective and feeling good. Highly recommended by a guy (n gal) who see A LOT of movies.	5
This was not at all what I expected, and leave it to one of my favorite comedic actors, director Michael Showalter to pleasantly surprise me two years in a row. Last year, his film Hello, My Name is Doris was hilarious, all the while fulfilling and surpassing the standards and conventions of a romantic comedy. The Big Sick isn't nearly as funny, perhaps because it was written and based on the real life events of Pakistani-American comedian/lead actor Kumail Nanjiani and his co-writer/wife Emily V. Gordon, and much of what brought them together were some hard life lessons. Nanjiani is a very Americanized young comedian trying to balance his aspirations for standup and his entrenchment in American culture with his family's heritage and their desire for him to enter an arranged marriage with any of the plethora of Pakistani women they foist on him. He instead forges a relationship with Emily who is unaware of the social repercussions of him being with her, but when a mysterious illness places her in a medically induced coma, Nanjiani has to confront his parents, her parents, and who he wants to be. The humor isn't always very good, perhaps because of producer Judd Apatow's penchant for improv performances, or maybe some of the comedians in the movie are just as untalented as they let on. But the drama that ensues and the conclusions Nanjiani, Zoe Kazan, Holly Hunter, and Ray Romano reach about love and life are deeply resonant, and the brutal honesty in much of the dialogue far outweighs any comedic or technical shortcomings of the film. Go see it for that, or go see it for the best 9/11 joke ever, but go see it.	4
Very well done. Sweet and honest movie	5
It's just ok. I didn't find either star appealing.	2
A dissent: Yes, beautifully acted and filmed. And a wonderful real life story! But - the movie: 10% funny, 20% sweet, 70% slow and boring. :(	3
Good light hearted film with a big dose of serious drama. A good 2 hour escape.	4
Great movie. Wife and I loved it!	5
Sweet movie that tells you a bit about what it's like to be a Pakastani-American. Otherwise, a formulaic film, nicely done. Two hours of pleasant entertainment.	3
Pure genius!!! tears of laughter and sadness, I thought this was an incredible film and the acting was fabulous!! And it was based on a true story too?? What's not to like?!!	5
One of the sweetest relationship comedies to hit the screen...EVER...without being a girly film. Lots of laughs, a few cries, and terribly romantic. I loved the entire cast, but Romano was priceless.	4
Perfect perfect film. My new favorite romance.	5
Hilarious, unpredictable and deeply moving. Loved every minute.	4
4 out of 5. Very entertaining.	4
One of the best movies I've seen recently. It's a real story about a budding romantic relationship, cultural differences, family relationships and a serious illness.	5
I loved this movie and I'm already hoping there will be a sequel! No one got murdered...and there were no car crashes...and no space aliens or super heroes. Just a bunch of likable characters and a good story that made me laugh...and cry..	3
Super cute romantic comedy. Very heartfelt and sweet.	5
I mean, its cool that he made a movie on his love story and all... but it was more of a Lifetime flick than anything. No big laughs, mediocre, funny bits you see during the trailer. Wait to rent it.	1
All the best lines were in the preview. Not bad, but I sense that the distributors once again were able to build up an unsupported hype that just didn't play out in the actual movie.	2
An early Oscar contender and one of the most refreshing movies I've seen in a long time...Holly Hunter deserves an Oscar nom for sure!	5
I felt the movie never really came together. It waxed and waned back-and-forth back-and-forth we can't go out with each other we can't go out with each other and I felt it never really connected or came to a good story. It seems so scattered to me.	2
One of the funniest and sweetest movies I've seen in years.	5
Just saw this! Wonderful movie. Funny and sweet. SEE IT!!!	5
Its humble, charming, and flat out hilarious, this is the first great comedy of the year, and the first good one in a long while. It also has quite possibly the best 9/11 joke you'll ever hear. But what I appreciated about this film was that it never appealed to the lowest common denominator. It was smart throughout and is certainly one of the best films of the year.	5
A charming comedy with a serious side. The fact that is based the real experiences of Kumail Nanjiani and his wife makes it all the more interesting.	5
it was a good movie, The name of it was weird, but someone gets sick in the movie..	4
Best movie I've seen in a very long time! Great cast and great story!	5
Lovely, funny rom-com that packs an emotional punch as well as a cultural civics moral.Moments between Kumail Nanjiani and parents Holly Hunter and Ray Romano provide the film's heart. Solid performances all around.Though, as it is an Apatow production, it feels a bit long (ALL his films are about 20 minutes overdone).Despite that, a lovely surprise that delivers something different in a genre that we are used to.	3
one of the best movies i have seen love it	5
This is one of the best movies I have seen this year. It was a great exploration of the mixture of two cultures with the background of a student and a developing stand-up comic.	5
Sweet and funny. It seemed a bit slow on the laughs at the start, but in the end we really enjoyed it.	5
The Big Sick (2017) ReviewThe GoodKumail Nanjiani is a revolution he's funny as always if you watch Silicon Valley, hopefully he gets more roles. Who has to deal with making his parents happy who want him to be a Doctor or Lawyer and be in Arranged Marriage to making Emily happy to making her parents happy.Ray Romano was great to see in a good movie for once same for Holly Hunter after her wasted performance in Batman v. SupermanZoe Kazan was great playing as Emily (who is Kumail real lifeThe Screenplay from Kumail and Emily is great and really funny and has light heartedness.The BadThe 3rd act did drag a bit trying to set something up that doesn't happen right away like twice.Overall: I love this movie this is one of the best Romantic-Comedys in a while.Overall Grade: A-	4
One of the best movies far this year. Intelligent, honest, well written, directed, acted and romantic without syrup and hollywood formula.	5
Good romantic-comedies are hard to come by nowadays. Which makes "The Big Sick" an even more rare find as it's quite possibly the best of that genre since "When Harry Met Sally". Kumail Nanjiani plays himself (and co-wrote the movie) in the story about him and his wife (Not a spoiler since she literally helped write the screenplay) and he does a damn good job at being both funny, and heartfelt. Michael Showalter balances the tone perfectly here, and makes a coma (which is often difficult to properly include in a film) fit seamlessly without it feeling silly or disingenuous. Holly Hunter and Ray Romano were perfectly cast as Zoe Kazan's parents, and Kazan herself manages to drastically improve the story despite being "unconscious" for most of it. But the screenplay is what really shines, even though writing one about yourselves is usually near-impossible. Nanjiani, and Emily Gordon did a spectacular job of making the story feel honest, and approachable instead of disposable and self-indulgent.	4
I can't believe how a traditional rom-com can be so original, but The Big Sick is. The key to this movie is its charm, which it has in spades thanks to the chemistry between Kumail Nanjiani and Zoe Kazan. The writing is clever, the story is compelling, and the cast gels together very well. While it's not without some traditional rom-com flaws, this film does a great job keeping them to a minimum. It's also great to see Bo Burnham and Ray Romano at work. This is one of the best films of 2017.	4
Wonderful movie with a good message and it's funny in the face of serious plights.	4
A feel good indie film. This is really a must see for indie film fans, who have dealt with interracial relationships. All of the actors actually are able to pull off real to life characters, in a very convincing manner.	5
Really well done. Funny, poignant, and very entertaining	5
The first half very good; the second half even better. Particularly liked the supporting performances.	3
Saw this movie twice already, and I loved it even more the second time! I appreciate how this movie tackles some of today's issues with both humor and grace. However, sometimes the humor felt a bit forced and out-of-place, but still, I would definitely recommend this film to anyone in need of a heartwarming laugh.	4
I loved this movie! It's the true story of the main character and the struggles he went through falling in love with a non Pakistani when his family wanted only a Pakistani wife for him. Very, very funny and very honest, he doesn't spare anyone; his family or her family.	5
I don't know how this got such good ratings. It's mostly a big bore. How can they label it a romantic comedy when there's no comedy? Nothing except a big disappointment.	2
Raw, funny, emotional (you will cry), such a great movie. Go see it.	4
This is a great human story & bio-pic.	4
Very nice movie. It would have been more interesting to know it was autobiographical at the beginning. And the funniest joke was about 9-11, to pull THAT off, you know it has some chops.	5
When a film brandishes such heady realism, there's often a lurking emotional disconnect--a pitfall avoided by 7-8 scenes of humor so effortless and honest as to justify the overlong third act.	3
This is a great movie for yuppies. After a day of shopping at Whole Foods, hitting the gym at Equinox, and getting a matcha latte, check out The Big Sick! My favorites scenes are Kumail berating a fast food employee and a romantic bonding scene where Zoe Kazan needs to take a shit. I love Kumail Nanjiani as a comedian and an actor but writing movies is apparently not among his talents.	1
One of the best depictions of a relationship I have ever seen. The cast was outstanding. The emotional moments really hit, and the humor was great.	4
I don't really like love stories but this was cute & funny.	4
Not only one of the best romantic movies ever but easily one of if not the best movie I've seen all year . Real people dealing with real issues ! The cast is top notch and it's so raw / real and honest it makes movies like the notebook look like a joke in comparison . This isn't some fairy tale romance garbage - it's one of the most raw and real movies I've ever seen ! So refreshing ! Go see it !	5
Best movie I have seen in years. The story is so well written and honestly grounded. You will leave the theater emotionally drained yet uplifted at the same time. Amazing experience.	5
It was pretty good. As a romantic comedy it was nice, but it had a lot of corny moments. Some of the parts were heartwarming and cute, but I only had 1 or 2 hearty laughs. It was okay!	2
A wonderful look at this true story!! Seriously so good!	5
No real lol moments. More quiet chuckles and wry smiles	2
Saw this Tuesday. Kind of slow and not that funny. I like the characters but the movie just wasn't great. How this was rated higher than Baby Driver tells me something about rotten tomatoes. Something rotten indeed.	3
was funny and very good story to watch.	5
Excellent writing. Well-driven plot and theme. It was more serious than I would have liked, and too much about her parents, but honest points about South Asian Muslim diasporas were touched.	3
Big Sick is filled with heart and laughs. Kumail gives a great performance, but Holly Hunter is absolutely outstanding.	5
Just saw this delightful movie! Love the cast...Kamail,Zoe,Holly and Ray..well done and entertaining. A must see.	5
A near perfect movie. The narrative strings between heartfelt, humorous, and perfectly awkward. There's some neat cinematography here as well in "The Big Sick", showcasing the best of Chicago as well as some well-framed interior shots. Every actor brings their best to the table, with all the characters being likable. There's that strange situation in movies where you can see EVERY side of every character in a heated situation; and "The Big Sick" aces that in spades. The dialogue is funny and unique, there are some great twists, and you'll leave the movie with a smile on your face. However this, still being a rom-com ultimately, does go with a somewhat cheesy third act approach that is completely believable...but still somewhat cheesy. That's a minor complaint though. "The Big Sick" is one of this year's bests.	4
Hilarious and made me cry. wow not many movies can mix that this one does. awesome.	5
The charming cast lifts this out of generic romcom land.	4
Family, love, traditions and major medical issues. This movie has it all!! Did not need high paced action to make a riveting move!! A must see!!	5
Phenomenal. This one far exceeded my expectations.	5
Loved it. Be sure to stay all the way past the credits to see some additional material-great. Fabulous story.	5
Extremely well done movie . Good story and well put together and with humour mixed in also .	4
Funny and heartbreaking, A brilliant combo!	4
Huge surprise for me. For being a rom-com it was a solid effort. The resolution was a bit iffy but the cast does a great job. I laughed a lot but it's serious side had something to say as well. Different.	4
A very touching film reaching tp everyone's emotions.I would recommend at least seeing The Big Sick sometime where it is streaming or support Amazon Studios by seeing it in theaters	5
A film where you feel so comfortable with the characters that the situations can be so uncomfortable.	5
With all the big movies have been out this summer this one some how ended being the most enjoyable this far. A great date movie that pulls at you with out being corny.	4
Adapting The Smith's song, Girlfriend in a Coma, Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon has turned it into an indie drama rom-com... only kidding, as that would be in bad taste except this is a somewhat autobiographical film and Gordon was actually in a medically induced coma when the doctors could not figure out why her body was shutting down due to an infection. Tackling one morbid subject as a source of comedy is hard enough but add to that Kumail's character is a Muslim stand-up comedian from a Pakistani immigrant family who is desperately arranging his marriage, we have more issues to explore here than a Reader's Digest library. Good thing that their mindful script manages to sidestep the sensitivity and thorniness with charm and humour and produces an engaging winner. It also helps that Emily's parents are touchingly played by Holly Hunter and Ray Romano as unhysterical human beings. Steering clear of sentimentality and false notes, their story is cute but also genuine. Films of this irk are often criticised for the unrealistic, contrived even, fairytale endings, however in this case, they have reality on their side, as it can legitimately work towards a critics-proof positive note followed by photos showing the happy ending in real life. As it turns out, this film is a timely feel-good tonic for the crazy, prejudiced world we live in today.	3
Cried and lauged at the same time. Loved it!	5
This movie is herb-encrusted wonderful.	4
Amazing movie! Laughed so hard, great cast, and had tender moments too. Would recommend a thousand times over.	5
Hilarious and brazenly sincere, it proves romantic comedies can still have some life to them when fueled by fresh ideas and heartfelt story telling.	5
so funny, emotional film, well written true to life story. The actors were great. I want to,see it again	5
Finally got a chance to see it and I surprisingly loved this film. I was going into this movie expecting it to a little bit of humor and a little more drama but no it's surprisingly hilarious from start to finish. I loved the onscreen chemistry between Kumail played as himself and Emily played by Zoe Kazan. All the characters were very believable and natural. I was very invested with all the characters in the movie. I thought Emily's parents played by Ray Romano and Holly Hunter were amazing. Overall, I thought the film was great from start to finish. I thought it was very well directed and written film and the jokes were very on point. I never thought I would laugh this much in the theater. And it's a true story based on Kumail's life. This is one of the best films I've seen all year so far and it made into my top five list. This is not your traditional boy meets girl type of movie. I honestly can't find any negatives. Go see the movie, it's definitely worth watching and worth your time in the theater.	5
Yes Yes Yes. Great cast, great writing, beautiful character development. This is a love story that's as complex and sad and wonderful as life can actually be, when those lives are lived hard and true. I loved the characters. I loved the story. I loved that Apatow took his time unraveling these many and intricate relationships. Genius. Finally, a movie that isn't a blowzy waste of time.	5
A charming story with a realistic Romeo and Juliet twist. Add in a few Ray Ramano classic deliveries and you have a good movie.	5
8.5/10~July 18, 2017~	4
One of the best romantic comedies I've seen in a long time. Not just funny but a lesson in family dynamics and love. Kamail Nanjiani was excellent in his true to life story. Ray Romano and Holly Hunter added a realistic quality to this sometimes not just funny comedy. I shed more than a tear or two. I really enjoyed this movie and it's one of my favorites of this year.	4
Perhaps the funniest films of the past ten years - I could not stop laughing - even after the film ended! Must see picture.	5
Best superhero movie ever	5
Hugh Jackman makes the most of his final outing as the iconic grizzled mutant with a tough and nuanced performance in a gritty yet surprisingly thoughtful comic book film that refuses to abide by genre conventions that arises to become one of the best. As mentioned above, Hugh Jackman's performance as Wolverine is easily his best yet in Logan, showcasing the mutant's usual burst of anger and resentment yet here he also successfully conveys the sense of bonding and caring that the mutant at first rejects but begins to accept as the film unfolds in an authentic yet intense matter. His character undergoes significant changes in the film and the actor delivers this well with a complex and layered performance. No less for wear is Patrick Stewart's performance as Charles, whose performance is also a career best for the actor. Its not just the frail and downbeat and subtle hints and illness of the character but the many layers of grit and humor that the actor balances so well in his performance. Rounding them off is Dafne Keen's surprisingly solid performance as X-23. While she doesn't talk all that much, she manages to prove quite the threat and danger in the film and the actor is more than up to par. The only downfall, in terms of the characters is that the film has uninteresting villains. The actors do fine in their roles themselves, especially Grant, but he's gone for so long that his villain dosen't matter in the end. However the film does such an intense study of its protagonists that it hardly even matters. The plot offers a more realistic and nuanced take on the Old Man Logan story that fits great within narrative constraints. It successfully blends western elements and typical hero elements for a film that thoughtfully investigates the conditions of human illness while all being grounded down by its sense of humanity. Ultimately it does lose its steam by its final act, mostly because its runtime ends up showing and the third act is a tad insane,but it can't ruin all of what came before. James Mangold's direction is excellent, opting for a more nuanced take on an iconic tale and going for a more mature and grisly drama that coaxes on the strengths of its characters while blending drama and noir elements in good fashion. The film is full of emotion, to the point where it can become an almost relentlessly somber and gritty tale but its also hopeful and its dark themes are balanced well with its more light sense of humor. The fight choreography is fluid and fully takes advantage of its R rating to deliver the Wolverine film fans always wanted and delivering all the visceral goods but its also balanced with an intelligence that lends its action scenes true weight. The visuals are beautiful and the cinematography fully encompasses the experience, bathing it in shades of light that more resemble a western film the. anything and makes it feel distinct from other films in the genre. Logan refuses to play by standard comic book film conventions and as a result, delivers one of the more thoughtful, unique, and uplifting comic book films in recent memory or even all time. -	4
Easily the best X-Men series film of all. It's bloody amazing! Action packed, funny, heartwarming. It was a great and fitting end to Wolverines story. The best part of it was it didn't feel like a superhero film. When people complain about Fox giving their X-Men rights back to Marvel simply say Logan! and bam! that's the end of it. Marvel would give us a watered down fruity Wolverine.	5
Awesome and breath taking, the best of Hugh Jackman	5
The second best Xmen film ever made.	4
Solid movie - doesn't play it safe like all the other superhero movies (ie important people die) and a good way to end the Wolverine cycle. 8/10	4
Wow.Just Wow.Don't miss this.	5
The best Wolverine movie, the best X-men movie, the best comic book movie, Hell the best movie period.	5
Excelente, cruda y entretenida. Desarrollo de personajes, excelente ambientación; de las mejores de superhéroes.	5
A Masterpiece! Logan is by far the best superhero movie ever made.You will leave the cinema speechless.The acting from Hugh Jackman is the best of his career. Amazing acting, beautiful cinematography, perfect directing this is a movie worth watching. The superhero movie we deserve. My Favorite Movie Of All Time !	5
Absolutely amazing. Great story with realism amazing action and emotionally satisfying.	5
Absolutely Amazing. The story is emotional and the action is very gorey. It's a must see!	5
Good film, so touching and I cried twice. Cheer up for new generation of Logan, Laura. See ya on next Wolverine's movie!	5
Really good, much better than the last two.	4
In my opinion it's a masterpiece. Enough said. 10/10	5
This review of "Logan" contains some spoilers.After 17 years of playing the character of Wolverine in various X-Men films from Fox studios, Hugh Jackman is finally hanging up the claws with the film, "Logan". The good thing about this is that Hugh Jackman is leaving the character on a very high note. It is easy to say that this is the best movie in the X-Men franchise as the majority of their films are pretty easy to top. So instead I will say that this could very well be one of the best superhero films overall."Logan" takes place in one of the various X-Men timelines in the year 2029, where there have been no new mutants born in the last 25 years. A weary Logan (Hugh Jackman) tries to lay low as a chauffeur while trying to care for an ailing Professor X (Patrick Stewart). It is an interesting concept to see these characters, who were once protecting the world and their mutant kind from annihilation withered down mentally and physically. There is no fancy mansion to live in and the rest of the X-Men are gone. Logan has suffered throughout his lifetime as he has lost people close to him. Now, his mutant healing power is failing him as his body is being poisoned by the adamantium covering his skeleton. At the same time, he cares for Professor Xavier, one of the most powerful mutants alive, who is now old and suffering from a brain disease and seizures which, when they hit, cause people within a surrounding area to go into a comatose state. The goal is to get enough money for a boat and, along with their pale mutant friend Caliban (Stephen Merchant), get away. However, the plan is cut short when a mutant girl by the name of Laura (Dafne Keen), enters their lives. Now Logan falls into everything he was trying to escape and must protect the girl from those who are hunting her.To have the final Wolverine film release with an R rating turned out to be a good move. The rating helps reflect the grim state these characters are in. For years, we have seen Wolverine use his claws in various films but never to the level as seen in "Logan". This violence stresses the brutality this man has experienced and has carried with him for the hundreds of years that he has been alive. When Logan cuts loose and kills with his claws it is up close, and not pretty. This has been his life all these years. But the violence is not only towards Logan's enemies but appears on Logan as well as his healing power has slowed down and we see some of the scars and wounds he's endured. The violence in the film is not thrown in for violence sake, when it happens there is a reason, and it moves the character and the story along.The performances from the lead actors in this film are outstanding. I think Hugh Jackman has given his best performance since "Prisoners". The emotional baggage Logan carries throughout the film is present in Jackman's watery eyes and his display of emotion is heartfelt. It is a performance that I could see as a nod for Oscar nomination. The same goes for Patrick Stewart as Professor Charles Xavier. There are moments where Patrick Stewart bounces between the Professor we once knew in previous films to the ill-minded elderly man now reliant on drugs to prevent him from harming others, which is performed impeccably well. Also, there is a scene where Charles talks about finally having a perfect night and then opens up to Logan about the past and how he does not deserve it, which is a shining emotional moment. Finally, I don't know where James Mangold found Dafne Keen to play Laura but oh what a find she was. She was great as the mini-Wolverine and her action scenes were stunning. She delivers a ferocity that matches that of Hugh Jackman's and also manages to bring an audience to tears.The chemistry between the three leads is tremendous. Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart are already familiar with one another, playing the same characters in films past, but this time it is different. Their characters are weary and broken, yet their relationship is stronger than ever and it shows in the performances. There are many great moments on the road trip which bring a smile to my face hearing the two bicker about, and also moments of eventual tears. Despite not having a lot to say, Dafne Keen manages to fit right in with the two actors as the film progresses and even more so in the third act.For the villains, the standout is Boyd Holbrook as Donald Pierce, the leader of the militant Reavers group who is sent to retrieve Laura. The character truly shines in the first half of the film, being one who is a big fan of Wolverine, but Wolverine is in the way of what he wants. Though by the time film reaches the third act, the character is brushed aside to make room for another villain who is a reflection of Logan's past self.James Mangold's film is a modern western and he is not afraid to have the film wear its influences on its sleeves. There are a number of influences which include "Children of Men" and "Unforgiven", however, the one that is most clear is the influence from the 1953 western, "Shane". The story of a gunfighter who tries to escape from his past by falling in with a family is similar to Logan's story. There is actually a mini "Shane" moment in the film when Logan and company come unto a family that Logan ends up helping, though the outcome is not quite the same. Also, the film, "Shane" is played on a television at one point in the film and the famous "There's no living with a killing" quote is spoken as well.The mini "Shane" scene is actually a golden moment for me as it was great to see Logan and company settle for a bit, enjoy each other's company, and just be like a family for that brief amount of time. It was a moment to cherish as you can feel the enjoyment they are having and I wish there could be more moments like this one. Kudos to the writers James Mangold, Scott Frank and Michael Green on scripting something as wonderful as this much needed moment. As a matter of fact, the script and overall execution of the film is done so well that I truly feel it is not necessary to even see the previous films in the series. Like the title of the film being, "Logan", it pushes away from being seen as a sequel and stands on its own from the rest.When the trailer for "Logan" hit, I was surprised at how well done the trailer was and, though I really liked the trailer, I was trying to keep my expectations from getting too high. The track record for the films in the X-Men franchise is not a good one. However, "Logan" proved that when a studio allows a director to take a risk and deliver a film as soulful and different than what's been released previously in the franchise, it is a risk worth taking. It took 17 years to get a film like "Logan" made and it was well worth the wait.	4
Being one of the best entries in the X-Men Franchise, Logan delivers a beautiful movie, full with action, violence and heartbreaking moments, with an outstanding cast of talented actors and a perfect R rating.	5
The best movie I have ever seen. This movie manages to play with every last one of your emotions.	5
Extraordinary. Character and emotion driven. One of the best superhero films you'll see. Bloody bloody indeed.	4
A great ending to the wolverine as it sets up a, dark, brutal, and exciting film that brings up more of that claw slashing and emotional moments with logan and proffessor X. I was excited seeing Dafne keen as well and brought us what a marvel movie pretty much never did.	5
Over the X Men saga....	2
Well-acted, excellently written witch unmatched emotions, Logan is the best X-Men film so far.	5
A great ending to a great character. Hugh Jackman gave one of his best performances of Wolverine, and Dafne Keen was excellent as X-23. The ending was very sad and emotional, but it did seem fitting in a way. Not really much more to say except that this movie ended the character of Wolverine nearly perfectly.	4
This dark, violent, and grim outing for the character proves to be his greatest story yet. Logan is the new standard for what superhero movies can be.4.5/5 stars	4
Violent, brutal, and emotional, you'll forget about the rather straightforward plot and focus on the franchise's audacity to part with some of its most iconic characters. In a film that relies on action and acting instead of visuals, Logan is the best way to say farewell to his namesake.	5
Absolutely, without a doubt, the single best superhero movie I have ever seen. Not only that, it is on the very top of my list of favorite "real movies" as well. I can't really come up with a better movie at this moment.We went to see Logan in the RPX so we could choose our seat. However, it was a Tuesday and the RPX is double the price of the discounted Tuesday prices for other showings that there wasn't a packed theater. This meant no distractions and we could focus on the movie.I can't go into too much detail here, I don't want this to have spoilers, but I can say I will post again and break it down. The movie had a huge personal impact.What I can say is this is not your Avenger's big tent action movie. The focus is on an aging Logan, Professor X and a young Laura (c'mon its not a spoiler if its in the trailer). Laura is being hunted by a group of powerful mercenaries and Logan and Professor X are trying to protect her.The R rating does allow people to see the brutality of what it would be like to fight Wolverine, limbs and heads amputated, faces clawed open and the absolute monster that Wolverine could be in a fight. That however was not what the rating really made better. The storytelling was much better. It could handle much more adult subjects such as aging, consequences of a life of conflict, and family. This movie is not for someone who is a child or who is only interested in a mutant battle. If that is the limit of a movie you are interested, go see the new Thor, Spider Man or Guardians of the Galaxy movies coming out this summer.I won't say anything else about the plot of the movie except to say it mirrors Deadpool in a way. Instead of redefining a superhero movie into a darker comedy, Logan transforms this movie into a gritty western as much as a superhero movie. It has a very broad, if very adult, scope for an audience. Some have talked about Oscars. I think it would be justified to receive best actor/supporting actor nominations if not the actual Oscars themselves.The emotional impact of this movie hit both me and the hubby that night. It was near the anniversary of my father's death (one year) and there were a lot of similarities, the movie was like a gut punch. Those I will talk about in my next post about Logan where I can break out spoilers.The biggest takeaway I saw another critic say is that the R rating is an excellent injection into the superhero niche. Not for violence, but for the way it can open a story up and allow superhero movies to grow up and become full stories, not just comics.It has been reported that this is Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart's last movie each for their characters. 20 years of Wolverine and Professor X wrapped up on the best superhero movie made. I am sad they are turning in their characters, but I have to say it was absolutely the best movie they could have chosen to do so.The good: Absolutely the best acting in any superhero movie, and in the top for conventional movies. The story is tight, not distracted with explosions or too many special effects. It satisfies both the action need and the story need that no other superhero movie can.The bad: It is the last movie with Patrick Stewart and Hugh Jackman playing their characters.	5
The proper sent off to one of the modern superhero genres most beloved portrayals. Hugh Jackman brings to his all to his last go as Wolverine, in a movie filled with violence, love, pain and a final shot that serves as one of the most heartbreaking moments of 2017 cinema.	5
Logan is worth checking out to see more brutal Wolverine fight scenes. There are a few good moments but there are parts of it that feel way too familiar and just do not bring anything new to the table.	3
Hugh Jackman delivers his best performance yet as the Wolverine in what is surely his last. This movie features intense action and heartfelt moments that you wouldn't expect from a superhero movie. "Logan" makes a strong case as one of Marvel's best movies. 4/5.	4
Not so much to say... 4 months later it came out I am still watching it. This movie started a new genre: Superhero dramas. Best emotional drama of the year, best movie of 2017 though we are 6 months away to 2018 and a lot of movies are coming son, I already know it.	5
Pretty darn good and they saved one of the best in whole series for last. Good solid 8.5 cause of a good story line and great action scenes. Just a tad long or would be a 9 but even though quite violent this was a feel good movie and was able to keep my interest up. Takes a lot these days as I have seen everything over so many years now.	4
I probably can't accurately rate this movie until it's less open wound and more scar tissue, but I feel safe in my assessment that sadness level + gore factor doesn't beat 4 stars, even if the acting was phenomenal and the plot fair and it was what it had to be. I think I probably need to rewatch the series soon, but I think of all of the installments thus far this one is probably ranking as my least favorite. It was just so incredibly painful.Boyfriend gave it 5 stars easily. He's much more excited about gore than I am.	4
In this breathe of fresh air for the X-men franchise, 20th Century Fox do a fantastic job of ending this character's run. Just like 'Deadpool', Fox have used their characters to do something completely new in the superhero genre and once again, hit a home run. The film's perfect attention to detail was incredible, making sure everything was visually stunning yet important. Each character looked extremely different to their other iterations but were still recognizable, allowing you to feel immersed in this new universe and story line. A worn decrepit Wolverine and an old senile Professor X. Hugh Jackman delivered his role tremendously, finding a perfect way to portray a plethora of emotions that we haven't seen the character show for a long time. There wasn't a single moment in which I did not feel empathy for the character when it was needed, one of the film's strongest points. The film was written in such a way that every detail they wanted to be known was told in a genuine manner, yet I was also kept on the edge of my seat wanting to know certain details of this universe and it's history. Overall the film was incredible, finding a good mix of classic superhero action and genuine lovable moments that could only leave the audience feeling complete, despite also wanting to know more.	5
EL OCASO DE UN HÉROE, EL ULTIMO MUTANTE QUE COMO UN COWBOY EN EL LEJANO OESTE HACE SU ULTIMA VOLUNTAD PARA DERROTAR A LOS VILLANOS.HUGH JACKMAN LUEGO DE 17 AÑOS SE DESPIDE POR LA PUERTA GRANDE DEL PERSONAJE QUE LO HIZO FAMOSO Y QUE TODOS QUEREMOS DEJANDO UNA HUELLA IMBORRABLE EN LA HISTORIA DEL CINE Y LA CIENCIA-FICCIÓN, ESTA ES SIN DUDA UNA DE SUS MEJORES ACTUACIONES JUNTO A UNA EXCELENTE PELÍCULA CARGADA DE DRAMA, ACCIÓN Y VIOLENCIA CRUDA COMO SOLO EL PERSONAJE DE WOLVERINE SE MERECÍA. PATRICK STEWART TAMBIÉN SE DESTACA CON SU EXPERIENCIA ACTORAL EN SU YA CONOCIDO PERSONAJE DEL PROFESOR X Y EL DEBUT DE DAFNE KEEN COMO X-23 ES MARAVILLOSO. REALMENTE EL DIRECTOR JAMES MANGOLD SE LUCIO CON ESTA PRODUCCIÓN PORQUE ES ALGO QUE NO SE OLVIDARA FÁCILMENTE AL SALIR DE LAS SALAS DE CINE.SOLO QUEDA DECIR GRACIAS HUGH JACKMAN PORQUE TU WOLVERINE SERA DIFÍCIL DE OLVIDAR!! Y NO SERA FÁCIL ENCONTRAR TU REEMPLAZO.	5
One of the better superhero films that's been made. Grit. Heart. Great story.	4
i had stop watching the xmen series because after a while they were getting a bit ridiculous. what a chance this became. not only did Larry and i both enjoy this film (and it was a very long movie) we love the concept behind the film. the reality of it and the start of the nee generation of mutants.	4
The storyline is well thought. Hands down one of my top 5 Superhero movies.	4
Wish it would have a little more of his past to complete this movie.	3
I was tensed for most of the movie. It was a very sad movie overall. I loved all the action too. Perfect mix.	4
The first good X-Men movie might also be my favorite superhero movie ever! :-)	5
Wolverine's last outing is the closest in spirit to the X-Men source material (most of it written by Chris Claremont) making it the finest movie in the franchise. The best X-Men stories were dark, tragic, suspenseful, and emotionally powerful. Director James Mangold captures it all here. Hugh Jackman finally nails the real essence of the character - a haunted anti-hero who is emotionally and physically at conflict with himself because of all the tragedies he's endured, connecting and saving others - the cost of a being hero. Thanks to the R rating, we finally see Wolverine do what he does best and what he does is gory and nasty - limbs fly and heads are impaled c/o adamantium claws in the bloodiest action sequences this side of Hacksaw Ridge. Uninhibited by the PG-13 rating, Logan gets to let the cursing fly and even Patrick Stewart's Prof. Xavier get into the act as well. It's a sad and hilarious statement about how far these former heroes have fallen from grace. Stewart gives his best portrayal as Prof. X, like Logan, age has caught up with him as well but his altruistic nature comes out in bursts (when he's not bickering with Logan). The rest of the cast is great but the real standout is young newcomer is Dafne Keen, who says so much in her silence and violence. This may be a Wolverine movie but this is still an X-Men movie at heart which deals with such themes as the old age, price of heroism, slavery, and oppression in a reflective manner. What makes it stand out from the rest of its X-Men film brethren is that it defies standard superhero standards in its relentlessness in the dialogue, the violence, and tragedy. Which makes it a fitting and poignant swan song for this heroic icon.	5
Great Movie.What the movie lacks in variety of Mutants it certainly doesn't in quality. The characters are incredibly well performed and loyal in a Hollywood's degree level of from-comics-to-big-screens' adaptation. Hugh Jackmann sweats out giving his best as his last time playing Wolverine, leaving us with a very organic emotional perspective of the character, which is pretty good.The screenwriting and plot are great and the performances are beautiful alongside the cinematography. I think the only mistake of the movie was not clearly explaining what actually happened to the Mutants in this future.Of course it is implied that either the Government or private companies like the one who hires the "Reavers" 'kind of' exterminated them, but you can't just hope fans to accept that powerful mutants like Cyclops, Jean Grey, Magneto were simply hunt down to a point of almost-extinction. Nonethless.. Logan is a must-see to any X-Men or Wolverine fans.	3
To me it was kind of a mixed bag. There was a lot of good moments and not so good moments. It felt really long and there was no central antagonist, the script was an overloaded mess and certain characters were left unmentioned. But I will say the ending was a great sendoff, I just wish I could say the film as a whole was great but it wasn't to me. It was okay at best and disappointing at worst.	3
A modern masterpiece of the comic book genre worthy of being on the same level as Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy.	5
Saw it, okay, I guess	3
Jackman's last outing as Wolverine and my, what a finale. Driven by the exceptional performance of Jackman, Stewart and new-comer Dafne Keen - who's performance truly makes her worthy of the next Wolverine crown - this thrilling yet emotional picture manages to break free of the superhero genre norm.	4
An amazing stand alone story not only for marvel lovers, but for anyone who loves and admires movies in general. With it's amazing characters and story, this film is sure to become a classic. Also the films "Last of Us" feel, a certain sense of lost hope and isolation adds to an especially significant aspect of Logan's narrative.	5
Logan is as violent as it is emotional. It is the mature X-Men and Wolverine film fans have waited for since superhero movies started to take off. Hugh Jackman's sendoff for the character is so deeply moving. Patrick Stewart's Prof. X is finally the father figure he needed to be. The little girl also is a great actress in the making. The real star may be the cinematography and the direction, which is shot like a noir western. Logan is so touching as it is thrilling to the bitter end. Watch Logan. It's easily one of the best films of 2017.	4
A very good film that got so much right but sadly got so much wrong. Whilst there are only around 3 main problems, they are major. There were 3 villains in this flick and all of which fell flat, with Donald Pierce starting off incredibly as a villain with a cool look and even cooler dialogue, he then spent almost every other scene being made to look like no threat to anyone.The first main problem, the smallest one, was the inclusion of Caliban. This character proved to be pointless, only being used in order to have certain things happen within the film, and to be used as a sacrifice which gave no emotion, only a sigh of relief that the main characters could get out alive. A poor waste of a good character, and a good actor. This is extremely lazy scriptwriting from the writers.Zander Rice was a character that could have worked in many other films but fell flat in 'Logan.' Many films follow a lead villain who is sick and twisted but leaves others to fight for him, but still stay relentless and intimidating when met with confrontation, but sadly, all he gave was some evil ideas and cowering whenever trouble came his way.Lastly, in terms of villains, there is X-24, who is built up to high heavens, but then, when he is finally met is defeated both times in 2 scenes, within 5 minutes.The deaths of both Wolverine and Professor Xavier were also extremely disappointing, with Xavier's death coming off completely as shock value, leaving the emotion to come after a fight scene between X-24 and Wolverine, and only being given a minute or less. And Wolverine, all in all, was killed from a Tree. The emotion of Wolverine's death only coming in the last shot. For 2 characters - the film specific versions - that have been loved, and constantly building in character, for 17 years, these deaths were not given the time, or emotion, that they deserved.Perhaps a 3/5 is harsh, but considering the hype that this film got, and still has, these flaws really should not be in the film.	3
Another great X-Men movie!	4
I can't decide if this is the best movie this year, or War for the Planet of the Apes or Blade Runner 2049	5
Absolutely amazing. The decaying Logan is compelling and interesting, but most importantly: humane.The narrowed scope is refreshing and the ending brings a tear to the eye. 10/10!	5
Superb ending to the Logan saga. Immense acting and a sublime twist to the Xmen dream.	5
The Wolverine movie I've wanted since I was eight years old.	4
While the plot is somewhat silly,the great performances,action sequences and themes overcome all flaws.	4
Good, but could have been better.	3
I love Logan, not for just it being a final stand for jackman's character, but for it taking a movie genre and doing everything you can creatively and inventively.	5
A movie that was well produced and well acted but rather boring as there was nothing to remember after watching it and absolutely zero reason to re-watch. The death of a major character was also just breezed through bizarrely.	3
Finally a super hero movie that does not rely heavily on CGI and multiple subplots to appease the comic book nerds! As Hugh Jackman's last Wolverine film, Logan lived up to all of my expectations! The characters were structured really well and the near future setting was realistic and essential to the story. This film did not shy away from being graphic which I really appreciated, especially for being a film about a guy who literally has metal claws on his fists. It is the best Wolverine movie hands down!	4
From the opening scene, Logan is just a wild ride of action and emotion. Mangold has truly redeemed himself from the sins of The Wolverine, and delivers an excellent story and plot that not only attaches you to the characters but entertains and defies what it means to be a 'superhero' movie. The shots and cinematography, especially during the fight scenes, are amazingly done and truly capture the grit and pain behind them. But the true highlight of this film is in the performances. Patrick Stewart almost certainly deserves at least a nomination for his role as the ailing and vulnerable, yet uncontrollably dangerous, Charles Xavier. Hugh Jackman delivers his best yet as a broken yet determined wolverine, and dafne keen shines as Laura. Even the villains give it their all. Logan is a 5-star movie that isn't afraid to defy conventions and delivers the closure that wolverine deserves.	5
An agressive yet depressing look at the final days of a worn out X-men that gives Wolverine an honorable Hero's ending.	4
It is 2029. The X-Men are no more and no mutants have been born in 25 years. Logan (Wolverine), his health weakening, now works as a chauffeur in Texas. The ailing Charles Xavier / Professor X is living in an abandoned industrial plant where he is cared for by Caliban, a former mutant tracker. Logan visits occasionally, providing medicine for Xavier's condition. Logan is approached by a woman, Gabriela, who asks him to drive her and her daughter to a certain location in North Dakota. Gabriela is then murdered but this is not the end of it for Logan as the target is the daughter who appears to have special, mutant-like, powers.I'm not an X-Men fan and only have a basic knowledge of the characters and plot of the X-Men series. However, to my surprise, not only is Logan very accessible even if you know nothing about X-Men or Wolverine, it is actually a very good movie.Solid, interesting plot. As mentioned, you don't need to know anything about X-Men and what you do need to know is covered in the movie. Decent character depth and good plot development, making for an engaging story.Good action scenes and a poetic, emotional ending.A pleasant surprise.	4
Stunning, in every way. Jackman is brilliant. Stewart is outstanding. Just all around amazing.	5
Crap, what a waste of time.	2
Such a good film. Sad and beautiful.	4
Its Logan. I'm sure that will mean the same to me if I read this in 20 years as it does now. Perfectly written, shot and acted. The best superhero movie ever and one of, if not the, best action films ever.	5
Hugh Jackman's final performance as Wolverine is his best, as he gives us the gritty and unrelenting personality of Logan. Its character focused plot makes it emotionally devastating, yet satisfying at the same time. Emotional elements aside, Logan finally gives us the type of gory and brutal action scenes we've always wanted, but at the same time does not overuse this privilege.	5
I got a little weepy at the end!	4
We all expected this to be good. But not this good. The action is great. The characters are amazing. But must importantly, the feels are there, and they do not hold back.	5
Intense and well-acted, but there's not much to appreciate in this film.	2
Logan takes a generic super hero franchise and flips it flat on its head. It isn't afraid to convey raw emotion, get gritty, and most importantly, do whatever it takes to tell a truly brilliant, fitting, and badass finale.	4
A bit over the top with the violence, but had to make up for the last 2 decades of a violent-less Wolverine and X-men movies	5
One of the best movies from this franchise. Heartbreaking.	4
A very entertaining, very emotional final film for Jackman as Logan.	4
We see Logan as Wolverine for the first and the last time. :(. Farewell to one amazing 17 year long story.	5
Excellent story but lent itself to super hero movie tropes (i.e. one-liners) that took me out of the atmosphere a bit.	3
Perfect movie.... if you want to be depressed the whole time. Literally almost every second is depressing, every since the movie starts it just keeps getting more depressing and never gives you a second to at least breathe from the horrendous depression filled superhero movie... not even a superhero movie, and then in the end when he passes, it goes beyond the point and depression, and that sucks, the writing is shit, slow moving and boring, the only thing I can say is the performances they were great, so it you like slow, depressing, boring non- superhero movie and it was so disappointing because it was marketed as a superhero movie and it wasn't. Really am disappointed, Hugh Jackman	2
LOVED this movie, that little girl kicked ass and it was thrilling!	5
Logan is fresh, innovative entry in the 'superhero' canon, full of lasting impressions in the form of visual effects and performances. Where the film falls short is in its predictability, as the genre only offers so much maneuverability in the overall progression of a narrative. Additionally, the film straddles between touching sentimentality and exhilaratingly 'awesome' action sequences, which quickly transition into bloody gratuitousness. The futuristic social commentary is sporadically woven into scenes, so that themes like the danger of automated machinery, addictive unhealthy foods, or economic inequality, are all underdeveloped and confusing. On that note, the reprisal of an iconic Western quote in the final scene borders on being cliche, and wouldn't be so overlook-able if we weren't saying our visual goodbyes to an icon of worldwide pop-culture for the past decade and a half. Overall, Logan isn't a thematically fluid viewing experience, but manages to rise above the cheap entertainment seen in the franchises past installments.	3
Had 'The Dark Knight' not been made, 'Logan' would have been called the greatest CBM ever made in cinema history.For the last two days, I've been thinking how to express my feelings for this movie. It made me sad. I won't deny, some scenes made me shiver, few shots challenged me to hold my tears, and I left the hall with a broken heart. At the same time, it made me happy in a strange way. A unique sense of fulfillment was there. This is Logan, as he was always meant to be: violent, bestial, unforgiving yet so much humane and caring. Like he used to say, "I'm the best there is at what I do; but what I do isn't very nice." How unapologetically blunt. There is strong gory violence in 'Logan' which makes it an 'R' rated film, yet there is this unique feeling surrounding the movie which will melt your heart.Sir Patrick Stewart should get an Oscar for his portrayal as Professor X. Like Hugh, this is his last X-Men appearance. And he nailed it. I don't have the authority to comment on his acting. He's on another level. Hugh Jackman gave us what we fans always dreamt of. The Wolverine - an animalistic Wolverine. We got it in his last movie. Hugh, we love you. You will always be our Logan. You can never ever be replaced. You won our heart, Hugh. Now go win an Oscar for this movie. We wish you all the happiness and success in all your future endeavours. And Dafne Keen, such a sweet little doll! Such a sweetheart! So talented in such a young age... This cutie pie will reach stars in future, guaranteed. All the very best, baby.Director James Mangold proved numerous times that he's capable of making unforgettable movies. Hopefully this movie will get him the awards he deserved for a long time. Cinematography was top notch. Music was perfect. Take notice WB and Zack Snyder and the team behind DCEU, this is how you make a dark and gritty movie. Critics don't hate dark toned films. To be praised, you have to make the story line dark and mature, you don't just dark the picture quality then make shitty childish movies and demand to be praised. Hopefully the DCEU team will learn from this.Goodbye James "Logan" Howlett. Our Wolverine. May God bless your tormented soul. Amen.	5
9/2017On a plane to Manila. Interesting and different story. Some pretty gruesome deaths.	3
The first time i was truly enable to envision a normal world with super humans. Fantastically grounded performance by Jackman and his on-screen daughter.	5
Like the story, but the jump of language made it feel out of place with the complete story starting with X1.	4
no words can define how good this movie is	5
Brilliant in it's western-noir look, it's fantastic Action give Hugh Jackman's final performance in Logan as breath-taking emotional	4
Logan didn't really impress me. Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart are great as Logan/Wolverine and Charles Xavier/Professor X, but this really doesn't feel like new terrain at all, much less a deeper understanding of these two characters. We don't learn anything we didn't already know: Logan is a loner who feels he can't love anymore and Professor X thinks he can. Story-wise, it's relatively the same as previous solo Wolverine movies. There didn't really seem to be a point to this movie except to allow the studio to keep holding the rights to the X-men franchise and squeeze more money out of it, and to let Wolverine say the F-word more.	3
Best Marvel movie EVER.	5
Amazing film I've never seen any xmen films or anything with wolverine in but was so so impressed with this film it's got funny parts in and sad parts it has a bit of everything and I am planning on watching all the others would recommend to anyone.	5
Brilliant film I've never seen any xmen films or anything with wolverine in but was so so impressed with this I'm planning in catching up and watching them all. Brilliant film some funny parts and some really moving parts. Would recommend to all!	5
Hugh Jackman hangs up the leather jacket and Adamantium claws in his final outing as the Wolverine in Logan, a fitting end to an iconic portrayal of a beloved character. Jackman brings his all to the role, turning in easily his best, deepest and most complex performance, proving he has a lot more to bring to the part than just bulging muscles and lots of shouting. It might go on a bit long and be pretty morose at times, but the seriousness of the film never bothered me because I believed the danger, I understood the risks and I knew how bleak the situations presented truly were. The whole film has a very 'Our world is collapsing around us' vibe, and as the characters struggle for survival, run for safety and search for answers, it's clear how far the series has come from the relatively child friendly original. The R-rated is essential to the films impact, and had it been PG-13 it would have utterly neutered it. There's a real brutal, kinetic feel in the fights scenes, which are violent but not gratuitous, at least most of the tine, and fact that the characters no longer have restrictions on what they say gives us a closer insight into their true feelings. It's a serious film, a dark film, a film that doesn't sugar-coat and doesn't take the easy route. The action scenes, while suffering from too many disposable henchmen spoiling the broth, are exciting and well assembled, the fights are hard hitting and, for the most part, comprehensible, and the principle characters, especially Logan, are given a chance to be as real as they can be. It's a great superhero movie, with a perfect blend of action and gravitas, a gripping story and a genuine sense of importance. An essential for X-Men fans, as well as everyone who loves powerful, emotionally driven cinema.	4
I really enjoyed this film, best Xmen movie yet!!	4
Esta es la pelicula definitiva de super heroes, un tipo que no usa traje, que enfrenta sus demonios y que esta harto de su capacidad heroica. Una personaje real.	4
a strong, brutal heavy motion picture with great performances and direction a thrilling western that never stops;Logan is sertelntly my favorite X-men movie so far	5
Since Hollywood shelved The Last of Us: The Movie which would've probably starred Ellen Page as Ellie because "they look alike" we just had to make do with Logan. And if you expect me to point out even a legitimate flaw that isn't simple nitpicking you're wrong. A thoughtful story about family as we see Wolverine go on one final adventure with his sort-of daughter. You'll see what I mean. And the scene where Logan, Laura and Xavier are let in by a kind family is a lot better made than that barn bullcrap from Origins. The action sequences are tense yet awesome and, probably naturally, the one I liked the most is the one involving Xavier's seizure and everyone except anyone with adamantium claws ;) being frozen in time. I prefer not to dive into excessive detail. Much like Deadpool, whilst it is set in the X-Men cinematic universe it works just fine as a stand-alone film. Packed with brutality, profanity and an unexpectedly big heart, Logan (which ended beautifully BTW) concludes a superhero's story with a great script and performances. Goodbye, Wolverine. We'll miss you.	5
disappointed in the ending	3
If you are going to make a comic book movie from what I have seen it better be rated R. I think all the blood and guts made this film so likable.	3
It wasn't bad, but it wasn't really my cup of tea. I completely understand why people raved about this film because a lot of people were likely yearning for a more "grownup" super hero movie. It just didn't do much for me.	3
Best film for action lovers. But it has many violent scenes.	5
It's a fitting end to this franchise. And time.	3
to see where the X-men franchise has come into is impressive. If you compare this movie with the first X-men movie you'll notice the striking differences, one of them being this movie worked, the first x-mens movies did not	4
It was good, but I think They could've did something better.	3
action but far from riveting	2
Gory and high body count but enough heart to make this very long movie somewhat enjoyable.	3
Hugh Jackman's final appearance as The Wolverine marks a new introduction in the comic book movies of what an R-rated film can do and thus it made the best in the X-Men franchise...	2
was ok not got the same quaility feeling as other x men movies	2
Putting an end to the incredibly action-packed saga of the X-Men, this great movie puts everything great about cinema and puts into one movie.	5
Dark, gritty and mature, this is very different from what we've seen so far from the 'X-Men' franchise - indeed, from any superhero movie -- and it is truly epic. Mangold's work as writer/director speaks volumes and he delves deep for this one, giving us a story that is not only touching, but also full of thrilling and surprisingly violent action sequences. The cinematography is spot on, perfectly capturing the desolation that goes hand in hand with the narrative. Jackman gives his Wolverine a worthy send-off with a fantastic and committed performance; Stewart does the same for Professor Xavier - the film absolutely could not have done without them, they're that good. The young Dafne Keen also makes a strong entrance onto the blockbuster stage, oozing ferocity. Yes, it's different, but it's also one of the best superhero films ever made.	4
I always wanted to see a wolverine film with actual blood, gore and hardcore swearing. This is it!	4
Easily one of the best movies of the year. Poignant, violent, painful at times, it move "comic book" movies to a whole new level. Deadpool used it's R to make dick jokes, but here the R is used to present a mature, realistic hero's end. I admit I had tears when the movie ended.	5
My favorite movie this year!!	5
Overrated. Wolverine dies at the end and the little girl goes to Canada. Professor X gets killed by the fake/clone Wolverine. Most of the fight scenes were meh. Some black people show up and they, of course, get slaughtered.	1
This movie is awesome and everything you would expect the old Logan. They made the ending, the action, everything you would love from Wolverine. Hugh Jackman made a great act in this one but still sad that he's going away. But what is left for is not forgotten. They made the sad scenes, action scenes, and a bunch of more! Making these a Rated R is a thumb up too, making this more gritty and dark fits in with Rated R. Setting the plot was good too. It's simple but mostly awesome. Though at the end left a sad note for the viewers. The setting is very awesome! Setting this in New Mexico makes it a great! New Mexico is a deserted place and really sunny. It fits because you can see the action so you won't miss a thing! The villain makes sense too. He just needs the girl, the X23 girl but Logan promised that he would protect her. This movie is great, nothing terrible, everything makes sense, and there are no mistakes. This is a good X-Men Film.	5
Amazing dramatic end ??	5
Formulaic plot and side-characters are elevated by excellent performances from Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart and by terrific visual tone. The movie pushes back against the cage that superhero movies have boxed themselves into and looks for the humanity in the superhumans. The Johnny Cash credits-anthem pushes the thing towards messianic pretentiousness, but the use of his "Hurt" in the trailer is spot on: this is about the human pain of living, loving, disappointment, and it doesn't cheat. Logan might be superhuman, but the film is ultimately all about things he shares with the rest of us.	3
Dark and brooding, with some humanity and compassion, but also not really any fun at all.	2
Logan is the best movie in the world.	5
Take out fighting and killing - slaughtering and you get pretty descent drama. I was actually very surprised that the movie had a story frame.	4
Logan was such a great movie and a veryinteresting spin on the X-men stort. Hugh Jackman did a fantastic job on capturing the gritty "badass" side of Wolverine and it was so enjoyable to watch. The only thing that I didnt like was the childs acting. At some parts it was a little too much andi could tell it was fake which didn't have me fully emursed into the movie. Other than that the movie was great!	4
Everyone but one person dies. I've never liked movies that kill all your friends. They should kill mostly bad guys and unknowns. One of my pet peeves. Lots of excitement but no one left standing but kids for a future series.	3
Amazing acting, great action, great characters, great music, and just an awesome heartbreaking farewell to honestly my favorite character of all time.	4
Part hokey 90s-throwback action film - complete with 2-dimensional villains with a penchant for untimely exposition, excessive bursts of gunfire, comically extreme violence, a hero fighting a younger better version of himself, an inexplicable 'lost-boys' hideaway in North Dakota - part ham-fisted family drama. Excellent performances by Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart. Disappointing, but not all-together unenjoyable.	3
This is a great example of how R-rated movies tend to be more realistic and serious than kid-tailored PG-13 ones. The story is not as complex as in recent X-Men films, nor are the special effects as extravagant, but the humanization of characters and the acting by Jackman and Stewart deliver a much more upscale production.	4
It is really the most gloomy and depressive film which has ever been shot according to comics. In this world all die, there is no gleam of hope. There is only pain, deprivations and sufferings. Smart cinema about which it is better to tell nothing. It is just necessary to see it.	5
Very violent but a good film up with the rest in the X-Men series	4
I settled on reviewing Logan since it was released at the top of the year and it's ultimate buzz has finally fizzled out, especially with a new Marvel (Spiderman: Homecoming) movie to help this process happen. The film starts off rather dramatically and detached to the other X-Men installments and standalone Wolverine films. It starts off in the future with Logan, the beloved protagonist being brutally assaulted in Mexico while uptaking a civilian role as a limo driver. Logan throughout the film is clearly not himself, appearing weaker and more susceptible to harm - revealing a more human side of the protagonist making him more relatable. Hugh Jackman gave a very emotional performance moving everyone in the theatre watching, the usual cynical Logan seemed to dissipate and a more compassionate one arises as he sacrificed his wellbeing and life for the greater good in his last heroic strive.	4
Bleak and violent, one would almost expect to see a DC logo on the front. Set in a 'possible' timeline, the film separates itself quite a bit from the films that have come before it, both very violent, however, for me I think they should have kept the violence to a minimum for most of the film and then let rip in the final 20 minutes. By that time, the violence has been overused and it's impact is lost. Jackman is, as always, great as Wolverine, however in this one, he has more to do, more depth to play with, and it works well for him. The supporting cast is very good, especially young Dafne Keen.	4
Best move of 2017! Watched it 5 times and never got tired of it. 10/10 movie!	5
L was done at xmen film, but one just l will miss Hugh Jackman. it will never be Wolverine. well l praise for him.	4
Thank you james mangold for making a very enjoyable and unique movie. This movie is not afraid of breaking the norm, and does not make boring and repetative action sequences. I have never been much of an xman fan, but this movie legitmatley moved me and got me involved in the storyline. If you have any taste in quality cinema give this a watch. Or you can go back to watching mindless action flicks like the expendables and transformers if you have no taste.	4
Difícil describir en pocas palabras lo que me hizo sentir esta película. Fue un festival de emociones y llanto que realmente me llegaron al corazón de una manera como ninguna otra película logró hacerla. Logan es la clara representación de cómo debe hacerse una película de superhéroes diferente al resto y es la muestra de cómo hay que despedir a un actor que encarnó un héroe durante 17 años.Gracias, Hugh. Gracias, Logan.	5
It was amazing 12/10	5
A must watch. Very good little actor they hired	5
Caution. This film may leave you broken hearted.	5
ALogan transcends superhero tropes through tasteful direction with a vision, resulting in a powerful and respectful hangup for the iconic character.	4
A fitting end for Wolverine	4
Its success came from the ability to display how superhero films should be made with violence unrestricted from a PG rating. The weakness shown from an aged Logan shows a superhero more than vulnerable, but with fatal consequences which gives it a human element and an empathetic audience. The western feel and the terrific camera work makes the movie not just a great superhero movie, but a fantastic artist contribution. The film also takes what made the former marvel movie so entertaining by being able to lighten the mood with a great sense of humor. Hugh Jackman ends the character that made him famous with the passion it desperately needed and deserved.	4
The last Wolverine movie... at least for Hugh Jackman.	4
4 out of 5 stars! This was a great and gritty finale for Wolverine and Professor X! Not only was this a great movie, it was a great film! The story was interesting and original and actually pretty emotional. I hope they pick up after this with the future of the kid mutants who crossed to Canada.	4
Wolverine is not as cool without his big adamantium claws. However, this was still a very good movie. It had everything you would expect from an X-Men movie. They always introduce a new mutant, although who knows if X-23 will ever make it to the Xavier School. This may be Hugh Jackman's last appearance as Wolverine, but I think he'll be identified with that character for the rest of his life. Although he was nominated for a Best Actor Oscar, many people will not remember him as Jean Valjean. I don't even remember his character's name in "Australia", and "Scoop".	4
liked the plot. too violent	3
damn they made this gritty. solid and foreboding $9.00	4
Just another clichéd superhero film. I really don't understand why there is so much critical acclaim. I was not moved and I didn't care about the characters at all.	2
Make no mistake, Logan earns its tears. If Jackman and Stewart are serious about this being their mutual X-Men swan song, they could not have crafted a more heartfelt valedictory.	4
Overall, the gritty, post apocalyptic, western tone works for the movie.. But I did find myself constantly asking, "did it really have to be SO violent?" It's ok to show this character in a more mature light, especially seeing as how the movie is meant to be a send-off, but some of the scenes are so jarringly brutal that it takes away from the film as a whole.	3
An emotional rollercoaster, this isn't a traditional superhero movie, but one of the best I've ever seen. Films like deadpool and Antman are great for their humour and wot, this is great because of the acting of both Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart and the relevance and comparison to human emotions and situations you don't often get with superhero movies. If you don't feel moved by this movie then you probably don't have emotions!	4
The strongest, bloodiest and most heartfelt X-Men film to date. Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart excel in their roles and make years of watching their characters develop and change over the course of so many films feel worthwhile. If this were the last X-Men film ever made, you couldn't ask for a better conclusion.	5
With a captivating cast and remarkable visuals, Logan is easily the best X-men film to date.	5
The X-Men universe is pretty cool. I have seen many of the films, but not everyone. This film is about Wolverine when his a bit older. He is done with his usual stuff but he get's involved again. Some kids have been "made" into mutants and he is up to find out more about it. This is where he meets his daughter - at least a girl with his own abilities.It's not as much action here, there is more story. It works out OK, but I'm tiring a bit of razorhands and self healing. There are some fights, but mostly with our two claw-people.It's OK entertainment, but not all that. It's sad to lose Jackman as Wolverine though, I bet no one can do that role as good as him.5.5 out of 10 blades.	2
I liked the part where people were getting stabbed. So, I liked half of the movie.	3
Great story and very emotionally driven, truly the best wolverine and X-men movie	4
Makes all other X-Men movies look meh by comparison.	5
What an incredible ending!	4
Wasn't nearly as exciting as the hype made it seem, well made film nonetheless...	3
The Wolverine movie we all wanted to see. A love letter to both the old school westerns and the Wolverine comics. Truly a perfect exit for Hugh Jackman.	5
Wolverine with nothing held back; I know, but it is actually better than it sounds.	5
Absolutely amazing. Oscar worthy.	5
GREG: (Greg Smith, Founder of Agile Writers of Richmond, VA) Scott, didn t I watch this movie in the 70 s when it was Logan s Run?SCOTT: (Dr. Scott Allison, Professor of Psychology, University of Richmond) Greg, you re confused. This Logan is based on that witty 1960s TV series, Logan s Heroes. That s my story and I m sticking to it. Let s recap.GREG: We re reunited with Logan, aka Wolverine. It s 2029 and he s been reduced to driving a limousine for fares. The mutant race (and the X-Men) are all but extinct. He is taking what little money he has and is buying prescription drugs from an orderly in the parking lot of a hospital. He takes the pills to an abandoned factory where Caliban, an albino mutant tracker is tending house. The pills are for Dr. Xavier. He s suffering from dementia. When an episode hits, it sends out mental shockwaves that paralyzes anyone nearby - to the point of being deadly.SCOTT: One day Logan is approached by a woman named Gabriela (Elizabeth Rodriguez), a nurse who is caring for a special set of children. She has one of those kids with her, an 11-year-old named Laura (Dafne Keen). Gabriela asks Logan to take Laura to a place in North Dakota named Eden, where Laura will be safe. Logan refuses this request, but soon changes his mind when Gabriela is killed by Donald Pierce (Boyd Holbrook) and his men who harbor ill-intentions for mutants like Laura.GREG: Scott, Logan is a film for adults more than children. So much so that it is rated R by the MPAA. It is darker than most Marvel films as it features more blood and adult language than its predecessors. And I think it makes the film better. Logan deals with existential issues like death, aging, and suicide. These are heavy topics for an audience that is often made up of both children and adults. And while the film got an adult rating, there were many children in the theater that I was in. There is an alternative Logan in this film as well. Dubbed as X-24 - this is a younger clone of Logan. But unlike Logan, X-24 is filled with blind fury and does the bidding of the evil Dr. Zander Rice. The special effects here are stunning. We saw this last year in Captain America: Civil War where we see a young Tony Stark. The young Logan is a digital creation based on earlier images of Logan from previous films. It s an amazing recreation.SCOTT: Logan is indeed an impressive movie, not just in its CGI effects but most notably in the areas of storytelling, acting, and character development. It s an X-Men tale surprisingly rich in exploring the nature of these characters, their history, and their ever-evolving relationships. This is Hugh Jackman s most complex and effective portrayal of Wolverine. He delivers his best performance as an X-Man, playing a mutant on a mission who assists another younger mutant on a mission. Going into the theater, I wasn t expecting a whole lot, having been less than dazzled by previous installments of X-Men and Wolverine. But Logan moved me. A big reason is young actor Dafne Keene, whose face can express a thousand emotions and whose overall performance here is astonishingly good. Another shout-out goes to Patrick Stewart whose character is dying yet remains fully committed to educating his students and developing their characters to the very end.GREG: As a hero, Logan is great. He is at the lowest point in his life. All his friends are dead and his mentor is dying. He s given a call to adventure by Gabriella to take Laura to Eden. And as classic heroes do, he refuses the call. He doesn t want to get involved. But when Gabriella is killed and Laura follows Logan back to his lair, he becomes an unwilling guardian of the girl. And we see him come to care about the girl and her friends. Ultimately, he makes the ultimate sacrifice. And we see a type of hero that we rarely see in movies anymore - the martyr. We saw this in 2013 s Elysium where Matt Damon s character gives his life to save a young girl. There s a danger in creating a martyr - the viewer is walking in the hero s shoes. And when the hero dies, so does the viewer. So, when the hero dies it must be for a cause that is greater than himself. And Logan makes that sacrifice. He is the last of the X-Men and he trades his life for a new generation of mutants. It s a worthy sacrifice and one that the viewer can buy into.SCOTT: Well said, Greg. Also, let s not forget that Logan is dying from Adamantium poisoning. Yet he makes sacrifice after sacrifice. This movie really taps into the archetype of the aging, diminishing hero who is called to muster up his former powers in service of a great cause. It was jolting to see the CGI effect of a younger, stronger Logan battling his aging counterpart. I continue to be impressed by Marvel s ability to create new compelling variations of the ancient conflict between good and evil. Let s examine the transformations in this film. Logan is physically transformed by the Adamantium, and Professor Xavier is mentally transformed by his dementia. Emotionally, Logan transforms from pure bitterness about his plight to developing a caring compassion for the fate of Professor Xavier and the young mutants, especially Laura. And Laura herself transforms from an angry mute young girl to a vocal, passionate hero of the mutant cause. With this movie, Marvel really showcases its understanding of the elements that go into effective hero storytelling.GREG: Absolutely. Transformation is at the heart of storytelling. Marvel writers understand this and give us stories about people, relationships, and how they change. It s a stark difference from what we see coming out of the DC universe. There, the stories are about special effects and the story falls to the wayside. Marvel gives us both action and transformation. It s a gratifying experience. Logan is a great story told well. We ve come to expect a lot from Marvel films and they deliver. I give Logan 4 out of 5 Reels. As a hero, Logan steps up to the challenge and shows us how a hero can give his all. I give Logan 4 out of 5 Heroes. And you can t get much better than 3 transformations in one story. As you point out, Logan, Professor Xavier, and Laura all undergo transformations that resonate with the audience. I give them 5 Transformation points out of 5. Movie: Transformation: Heroes:SCOTT: Logan is the most compelling installment of the X-Men franchise in many years. The keys to its success lie in a terrific screenplay, a stronger than usual performance from Hugh Jackman, a striking performance from newcomer Dafne Keen, and several powerful transformations among the main characters. The genius of Marvel in understanding heroic storytelling is on full display here. I award this film 4 Reels out of 5. We have a pair of buddy heroes here in Logan and Laura. They are an unlikely pairing and start out disliking and distrusting each other. With mentoring from Professor Xavier, Logan develops an understanding and appreciation for Laura and her cause. Logan s hero s journey contains all the classic elements, including a surprise element of the ultimate sacrifice of his own life at the end. Marvel knows that martyrdom is an archetype of deep significance in our culture (Jesus, MLK Jr, and Gandhi are notable examples). Laura s journey is also powerfully inspiring. These two heroes earn the full 5 Hero points out of 5. Our two heroes transformative journeys are emotionally and physically complex, and satisfying. Logan s emotional growth helps compensate for his physical deterioration. Laura gains courage and develops into a leader of the young mutants. Even Professor Xavier shows heroic courage and grit in fighting his disease and mentoring our heroes. I award this film 4 Transformation points out of 5. Movie: Transformation: Heroes:	4
this is the best marvel movie since the the first x man movie	5
Wolverines and insane action.sorry i didn't see this at the theatre	5
The film drags on for far too long with an unlikely possibility and a failed plot that doesn't work because His clone is not as interesting as the adult in the comics. She spends far too long with a pouty face and he spends too long complaining. This was just an attempt of a more adult Logan. Now as a film on it's on and not connected to any other film or comic it's good, but that's not the case.	3
Long on filler short on action. Not the best, not the worst .....meh.	3
One of the best superhero films of all time. Watch it, that is all.	5
Best movie you will ever see. Great story and an action packed thriller for the ages. This is now my favourite movie and I definitely suggest watching this what a way for wolverine to go.	5
Definitely not your typical superhero movie. Marvel has finally given us a film that can allow us to see the full brutality of one of its most memorable heroes. Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart give riveting performances that can get you pumped up or cry. This is one of my top favorite movies because it is not everyday a superhero film can take you on an emotional and dramatic like Logan does. It might have some flaws, but so does every film. This is the best movie in the X-men universe.	5
This is by far my favorite X-Men/Wolverine/Marvel movie. The story, the acting, the graphics, and the fight choreography is fantastic! Me and a friend discussed how, when you get an R rated movie right... you get get it right. This movie is a shining example of that! Everything in this movie is amazing. If you've seen before you owe it yourself to go and see again.	5
Gritty, dark, bloody. This is what the X-Men movies are all about.	5
Would have preferred a different adaptation of the "Old man Logan" comic-book, but this was OK. We'll miss Jackman	3
Violence was a little more than expected, but a good movie overall.	3
The best and saddest story of Logan	5
Fuck! I'm dying...oh fuck. No I'M DYING! Fuck! I'm dying! (Boob shot) Fuck. I'm dying.	2
Marvellous! Marvel har lært av suksessen med Deadpool. Drit i kjernefamilien, la oss lage en film for voksne! Så, av med silkehanskene, ut med klørne, kjør slashing (Freddie Krüger er sikkert misunnelig). Men det ligger en hjertevarm historie i bunn, altså. Dette har Wolverine fortjent.	4
Logan is a no-nonsense, unapologetic film that shows what life can be like after the lights go down and the thrill of living is gone. I kept on waiting for that moment when the former X-Men would become super heroes once more, but that moment never came. The film was made all the better without a happily after ever. Life is often like that: no easy answers, no apologies, just living and doing the best you can.	3
A wonderful swan song for Hugh Jackman's Wolverine. Gritty, brutal, yet feels. After 17 years, Wolverine goes out with a bang, and he's not even my favourite X-man. But add in a masterful reprisal of Prof. X by Patrick Stewart, and we might have one of the best comic book movies of all time (and certainly the best X-men movie, even if you include Deadpool). Intensely violent, yet done appropriately, Logan couldn't have wrapped Jackman's role up any better.	5
Nooo!Wolverine depressed, drunk, and weak??? What a bore. Violent and vulgar... disappointing movie.	1
The ending is not expected at all, but it has awesome story behind it, totally recommend it you will at your edge of your seat the whole movie	5
This superhero film is the third in the Wolverine series. It features a tired and disinterested Jackman, much how I felt while watching the film. There really wasn't anything new here and the film seemed too long. Some of the scenes towards the end were a bit slow, and many featuring the children appeared too staged. Overall it was mildly entertaining, but I won't be going back for more.	2
It is the best movie (for me) of 2017 so far. 2nd best superhero movie. The Dark Knight is still first, but this was very close.	5
Was just...........PERFECT	5
Oh yes!!!! Awesome movie. I loved it! It brings all the movies together to understand Logan's pain in the movie. Really good movie!! Loved it.	5
I really enjoyed this movie for what it is!	5
God, this was depressing as hell. It was nothing like a "normal" marvel superhero type movie. It was not fun in any way. Some people would say this is all good, and in a few ways they are right. But the relentless feeling of impending doom that emanates from this movie really gets to you. It was hard to see Logan/Wolverine falling apart like he was. It was hard to see Charles Xavier / Professor X as a doddering forgetful old man. Hugh Jackman sells it well, like he always does. He's all in as the angry old Logan. There isn't much of a story here. It's really just a device to get to the ending we all knew was coming after all these years. The girl is a crazy little bugger, who makes up for Logans failings. The other mutant kids(hardly a spoiler) show up and do very little. Especially in the end, which seemed contrived to me, but it had to be as it was. Overall a decent film, of course, but not something I would ever want to watch again.	3
Very good movie. Dark and human superhero movie.Rating: 8/10.	4
Awesome spin-off from the X-Men series finds Logan trying to transport a mutant girl to safety. Logan slashes people up with his claws. Pretty cool flick!	4
A definite great from Marvel. This is definitely how the Wolverine should've been from the beginning	5
A beautiful and emotional film, much more than just a superhero movie. Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart's performance are incredible and amazing.	5
Violent. Dark. Intense.	4
Finally a X-Men/Wolverine movie with heart. More of a stand-alone really, disconnected from the previous ones - which is a good thing.Second half is a bit uneven and not as memorable as the first, but overall a good sendoff for the Logan character played by Hugh Jackman.	3
Loved the movie! Not kid friendly though. Acting and story line were great. Definitely an R movie which at times with all the F Bombs the graphic violence made it a little uncomfortable. Movie would have been 5 stars if it were a PG-13 version of the film. We can get the point across without all the F words and gore, but with all that said if you're an adult who loves SciFi and Xmen movies this a must watch!	4
fiercely amazing!!!the only thing I didn't like is the death of Logan ð~­	5
Was good. But I don't think 5 stars.	4
I must admit that this is the best Wolverine film.	5
I am all for action but this movie left me hungry. I didn't like how it moved from the "Marvel" know wolverine. To me it could have been a whole lot better without all to cursing and killing. Action doesn't always require someone to die! The only factor that was acceptable was that wolverine had a daughter, but other than that I didn't like this movie.	1
So good I forgot to review it. 'Nuff Said.	5
This movie is the best marvel movie to ever release. The plot is thick. The acting is amazing. The writing is well done. Overall one of my favorite movies period. Especially after all the garbage Logan movies to come out. Only shame is we have no idea how the franchise will go from here	5
What a swan song for one of the most iconic cinematic characters of the 21st century. With the not so subtle references to the 1953 classic "Shane", what Mangold has essentially done is combine the superhero genre with the two most defining genres in American story-telling: the western and the road movie. Hugh Jackman stands to the task of saying goodbye to the character that made him famous and Patrick Stewart at the very leaat deserves some Oscar consideration for his portrayal of Prof. X as we have rarely seen him before.	4
Awful! just slightly better than the other xmen movies... So glad I did not pay to see it in theaters. A big no for me.	1
Easily the best movie in the X-Men series. Great performances all around and it will remain a classic for the super hero genre.	5
Good movie, I did not find it as great as many people are claiming. Maybe it was because I am not as heavily into the X-Men universe as many are, but this movie seen lack luster to me. I liked this movie, I just did not love this movie. If you an X-Men fan you'll enjoy this movie, but if not I would pass.	3
Logan is a triumph that transcends genre cliches and gives us a gritty, violent, nuanced and emotionally satisfying character study.	5
It felt intentionally dark to be dark. Just because a movie is intense doesn't make it good and I felt like Logan was pandering to "critics"	2
Inspired by Mark Millar's "Old Man Logan," "Logan" has taken itself something far more deadly and refreshing than many superhero movies out there. Unlike "Deadpool," the violence in this one is extremely brutal and intense to watch. Since this is Hugh Jackman's last movie as Wolverine, he delivers a gut-wrenching--and probably his best performance by far. This is one ride that wants to be strong and powerful, and it succeeds. My full opinion: 9.3/10.	4
Crying in a superhero movie? Check! In his final Wolverine outing, Hugh Jackman puts in a award-worthy performance. Along with Stewart, they craft a heartfelt valedictory distilling the finale down to the agony and ecstasy of mutanthood. A well conceived send-off for Wolverine - the last of the X-Men.	4
"Logan" paid the best homage, providing just the right amount of closure. - It's heartwarming, bloody, funny and action-packed. - If not the best, it's one of the better in the franchise. ð~?	4
Logan takes the normally light tone of the previous x-men movies and makes it more realistic and amazing, Patrick Stewart returns his role as professor X and nails it again, the story is amazing and takes these characters and give them their proper sendoff in this great film that shows a new generation of mutants and the franchise	5
In my opinion, the best superhero film belongs to this movie.	5
Amazing! One of the best marvel movies ever.. definitely in my top 5!	5
A masterpiece in the comic book genre	5
Great movie epic last outing for Hugh Jackman	5
Amazing movie - what all adult superhero movies (and film in general) should aspire to. The acting was outstanding, the story was touching, and the action was eye-popping. Yes, it's violent, but still within reason for an R-rated movie.	5
defines disappointment So artistic, so dark, so not consistent with previous movies. no humor. like visiting your elderly uncle at a state run nursing home. had to watch an episode of The IT Crowd to cleanse the grey matter.	1
When you make a character like the Wolverine vulnerable, old and depressed with incredible performances from all of it's characters and you show Logan waiting for death and only now at the end of his long life does he realize all the things he wanted and is finally receiving them. This movie is undeniably emotional and powerful and an amazing exit from Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart in the X-Men series. Logan is so much more then a comic book/ superhero movie and has so much more to say, amazing.	5
It's the future. Mutants no longer exist. Until we meet X-23 (Dafne Keen) a gifted mutant. Logan aka "The Wolverine" is doing his job as a limbo driver in his hometown. He is drinking his days away living with his father Charles/Professer X and Caliban from the X-Men movies. A women keeps following Logan to give Logan a strange little girl who happens to be Logan's daughter. She came from a gifted mutant kid prison and is set to stay with Logan. As she stays in Logan, a group of bad guys come to get Logan and X-23 and their families and snatch them to a terrible place or even kill them. First of all, big fan of the X-Men series and the trailers and reviews were good so I had extremely high expectations. I love The Wolvernie as well. It didn't exactly reach my expectations but it was still an amazing movie. Characters were great, performances were great, and it was emotionally strong at times. X-23 (Dafne Keen) stole the show for me. Can't wait to see her in more X-Men films and more movies not X-Men wise. My negitaves about the movie will suprise you but some scenes felt boring and not as fun as some of the even more amazing X-Men Movies. Other than that, I loved Logan. 4/5 stars is my rating.	4
Very bleak and hopeless, Logan could entertain...but it never rises itself above attempting to depress you to teach or inform or inspire or...anything. It just beats up on its characters and you. Which is only entertaining for so long.	3
Its fitting that the end to Hugh Jackman's 9-movie, 17-year run as the infamous mutant sees him as way more damaged than he was ever supposed to be, and be called by the name no one knew him as. Logan is an emotional, gripping story, particularly for fans of the franchise. Patrick Stewart's contribution to the film should not be overlooked either, as well as Dafne Keen, who at times outshines everyone in this movie without even speaking.	4
THE GREATEST SUPERHERO MOVIE OF ALL TIME HANDS DOWN.	5
Day: FridayDate: 20 Jan 2017Time: 10.30 pmWith: Maa, AzeemOn: HDTV	4
Only fitting that Jackman's best take on the character is his last. Gritty and raw, Logan is a triumph.	4
I love the character and the actor, The movie stays true to Wolverine, I was sad to see this end. Great action right out of the gate, worth the time to watch.	4
Might be the best superhero movie ever made	5
Logan is a super hero film that turns the genre on its head. With incredible nuanced performances, a dark and bitter feel, painful action sequences and plenty of heart, it's a film that excels in ways Marvel films have lacked, by making a super hero film thats human.	5
Way, way better than any other X-Men movie. Actually has some character and plot depth, with a dark, sensitive, even imaginative story line. Liked it a lot.	4
Don't read this review if you don't want to know how it ends. I had high hopes for this movie, being a long time fan of Marvel and especially the X-men in comic and movie formats. It may be that Jackman and Stewart wanted out of the series and that was why the story line took its disappointing "kill off all the sympathetic main characters" angle (except the lab-raised daughter of Logan and assorted mutant children who you never really get to know). If you're just looking for a good cry or crave the proxy vengeance buzz that comes from seeing father and daughter kick two-dimensional villain ass, this may be your cup of tea. There is a poorly conceptualized plot thread that tries to connect the theme to the movie "Shane", mined to much better effect, btw, in "The Negotiator", which I have seen and enjoyed more than once. In contrast, once was maybe more than enough for this one.	1
I struggle with the Marvel overkill. However, this is a superhero movie perfectly tailored to me. Risky, edgy and shockingly violent. This isn't just the best comic book movie ever, it's a fantastic film. No spectacle boring CGI, but hand to hand visceral combat. The opening scene is brutal, and amazing. And a standalone, intelligent plot and no tiresome story arc. This is a long film, but Mr. 96 Minute man was disappointed when it ended.	4
(5.0 out of 6)When we see a world where there is no X-Men or any mutants like us to only hide from sight. When there is no place for what they see as a threat when the times are different and new leaders wish to see a different world without us. When we see what makes us mutant cannot last when what makes us human can't last that we see our abilities weaken over time. When everything we wish to see happen never happen when all what we fought for never saw eye to eye with what the times wish to see. When we see we cannot fight what we see and what we can't see to only suppress our abilities before we cause any more attention and trouble we wish not see. When we see its easy to escape our problems to only be left alone without having to feel we are not accepted. When we see its harder to escape our problems when we have to live with it our whole lives when it's who we are and what we done that makes who we are at the end of our life. When we see we can't escape who we are now when we are all alone and see all is gone and nothing more we could do there is no fighting required of us to fight. When we see we accept the time and place we now see to only let life see fit how life should live. When we see who we are as human and non-human we see only one is accepted to live freely. When what others see in us we never could see as a weapon made to be contained and control by the vary thing that sees fit only dominating and reigning. When we see we fought so many battles to settle that the human side in us must be loyal to not allow the non-human side to dominate when many have tried and we come face to face with our inevitably. When we saw a time where we were allowed to flourish our abilities, have greater fight worth fighting for and purpose to see a future worth keeping and shaping a human & non-human coexistence but times have shown our mistakes, our unseen truths we couldn't see before when our abilities go wrong, and we become the vary villian that we wish not to see but become when we see no hope. When we try to see but can't see when our abilities are weakening to only have others pay us a visit to see that there is hope. When we see a world where human and non-human can co-exist when they are used as weapons and slaved from birth. When we see others escape such captivity when they see that somethings are not right when they are human & non-human with God and scientific abilities that don't deserve to be see and used for what the world doesn't intend and life doesn't intend. When we see who are like us when others need hope and hope is not in sight to meet face to face what we couldn't see a future. When we don't know what to make in what we see to only see away out. When we see we lived far too long to be seen as a burden, a cash grab, a resource to only see the worst that all we are regarded as is a breakthrough worth seeing closer in what can benefit human life and not mutant life. When we see we missed out on so much, to arrive in what we never could see too late when what we keep deep side is the humanness to live in what we never could accept in ourselves being, whether it was a family man, simple life, a home to stay and raise a life in we chose a life on the run, full of revenge, hate, and death. When we see we could have been accepted and lived among human life to only be stay away. When we see we lived a long life, battled great foes to only have our story told wrong and make history of our existence ever lived or co-existed that we see we were never accepted. When we see we could have ended it all but we continued when our sole existence is to fight whether it is pain, time, and loneliness that we fight off what weakens us. When we see many things impacts us that weakens us when it's laws, what eventually breaksdown, time and no purpose.When other things like us who are much more non-human then human, we see our end when all we saw ourselves is a weapon worth fighting until we meet our true maker ourselves in what kills us. When we see did all we could do to give others a longer life, to give others a fight chance to thrive, to give back what was given to us along time ago, a purpose, a family, a human side that guides us and others who learn from us as we were taught many years how to live our life when we could have gone different directions but we chose to remain as not only a instrument for good but a leader worth following when we are and forever will be an X-Men.	4
Possibly the best X-Men film yet.	4
Best superhero movie I've ever seen in the fact that it hardly feels like one at all. The entire cast engineers a real raw human experience. Drop dead performances from Stewart, Jackman, and a surprisingly shocking portrayal from Keen.	5
After 17 years of playing such an iconic character, Hugh Jackman has finally hung up the claws. Such an awesome conclusion to the Wolverine storyline in the X-Men series with Patrick Stewart playing Professor X one more time as well. Both thrilling and poignant, this movie has clearly gave me such a heart-felt goodbye to one of comic book history's best anti-heroes alive. Thank you Hugh Jackman for bringing Wolverine to life!!!	4
Best Wolverine movie in my opinion! Loved it!!	5
Hugh Jackmans final debut as Wolverine proves that comic book movies can break the norm.	5
One of the best x-men franchise films to date. X-men origins did Logan wrong, The Wolverine seemed off, but finally they've gotten him perfect in Logan.	5
Very good addition to the X-men series.	4
Felt more like a drama then an action movie, a perfect example of a superhero movie for grown-ups. It's a unique character oriented comic book movie that raised the bar for all others of it's genre. After watching "Logan" you will never look at superheroes the same way.	4
Low key compared to every other comic book film. Still undecided on whether I like that or not.	3
Amazing acting, great action and amazing character study makes this wolverine farwell not just the greatest x men movie ever but one of the best comic book movies ever	5
Sensational X-Men movie. Major plot twist ending. Maybe the best one of the series yet.	5
The best film of the year and best comic book film since Dark Knight should get Oscar nods funny, emotional and thrilling .	5
Okish - fell asleep by the end!	3
Great ending of Wolverine's legacy. It showed Logan and the darker areas of his life as Wolverine. James Mangold did a good job on the final installation of the solo Wolverine movies	4
Are you serious, how can this movie be on the Greatest Movies of All time? The only possible reason is that today's viewers are still driven by special effects and poor story. NO way this is a Great Movie	4
Dawning a darker tone than previous Marvel offerings, and most other superhero movies as a whole, "Logan" pulls the audience to uncommonly emotional and somewhat disturbing depths.	4
perfection... that's it	5
I hate the road marvel is going with this and deadpool I can no longer enjoy these movies with my kids as I have since they were born.	2
really, really liked it.	4
Violent, filosofical, melancholic, heart touching and important for the genre, "Logan" demonstrates what super-hero movies should be, especially when you have such a good character like Logan. Both Hugh Jackman and James Mangold knew what they were dealing with and what they were supposed to do, what Wolverine needed, the movie he needed. Finally a good super-hero movie that really touched me, there are not much movies like this one. Hugh Jackman might not come back, but he will never go away, his masterpiece will always be kept in our minds!	4
With such a strong focus on character development first and action second, Logan is a masterful triumph of a humanized Comic Book. The importance of Character ultimately relies on believable performances and Logan delivers strongly with Jackman, Stewart, and Keen all putting forth phenomenal performances. Especially the latter who acts far beyond her age and showcases terrific range. The action is infrequent and incredibly violent, carefully sprinkled throughout in order to focus on character and not depend on the action sequences. The film does, however, fall a little flat with its villains who aren't explored very well and with a certain reveal didn't hit as hard as I would've hoped, but with a chilling climax, Logan stands out above all else Fox has ever done.	5
Logan is something new in the field of comic book films. It's a serious important, and thoroughly moving film with some more matured ideas and themes than you average superhero movie. The films discusses more important themes and has a lot of emotional substance. Logan is a beautiful, sombre, touching, brutal, dark and tragic film, one that truly redefines superhero films. In fact, it bares little resemblance to most of the genre, and though there are plenty of gritty, thrilling action sequences scattered throughout, the film feels more like sombre, touching drama with bursts of explosive action in between.The opening scene immediately establishes the mood of the film, with an old Logan(Hugh Jackman) waking up in his limo, one that he drives to earn cash nowadays, to find a few hoodlums trying to steal the car's wheels. After being beaten quite a bit, Logan loses his cool and slices up 3 of the hoodlums with his claws. The film shows very clearly that Logan is not the man he once was, and has been consumed with regret, grief and depression. This is shown brilliantly in Logan's physical movements, attitude and fighting style. The world is shown as a depressing one, where there are no more mutants and no more heroes. Logan is no longer Wolverine, and is now laying low down by the Mexican border where he and the albino mutant Caliban(Stephen Merchant) care for an Alzheimer-stricken, ailing Charles Xavier(Patrick Stewart), who is prone to sudden seizures, resulting in a potentially fatal psychic shock wave, incapacitating everyone but Logan. As the film goes on, and I won't dive much further into the plot, Logan discovers that he has a daughter by the name of Laura(Dafne Keen) and must protect her from dark forces lead by the ruthless Donald Pierce(Boyd Holbrook).The dynamics between Logan, his daughter Laura and Charles are compelling and extremely well-defined, with a variety of touching character moments bolstered by a script with lots of emotional substance. Most of characters are very well fleshed-out with complex and compelling characterisation. The film explores themes such as mortality, regret and fatherhood which are uncommon in many superhero pictures. The cinematography is bleak, but beautiful nonetheless and highly well edited. The action sequences are extremely violent, but also well-handled so that they feel real. They are fluid, intense and very hard-hitting. The extreme blood and gore shows us the true consequences of Logan's powers and how, regardless of whether they are used for good or not, people, real people, are hurt and killed. Also, the fact that Logan is tired, weary, old and truly past his prime, adds to the tension of each fight, with him often getting kicked around a lot, before unleashing his inner beast.The performances are brilliant throughout, with Hugh Jackman giving one of the best on-screen performances in recent years. His acting is subtle, gritty, nuanced and truly believable. Dafne Keen, playing X-23/Laura is also very impressive in her film debut as the young mutant daughter of Wolverine. Throughout the film, she speaks very few words throughout the picture but communicates a lot of emotion and expression through her facial expressions.Sir Patrick Stewart is as always brilliant in his role, but gives a slightly different performance to his usual as Charles Xavier, and Stephen Merchant shines in what little screen time he gets as Caliban. Boyd Holbrook delivers his lines very well and gives a very good, menacing performance overall.The music is also beautiful, setting the tone for the film perfectly. Richard E. Grant does very well as Xander Rice. My one and only complaint on Logan lies with the villains, because they often seem somewhat generic and underdeveloped. However, the inclusion of X-24 ( a savage, mindless evil clone of Wolverine) makes for some impressive action sequences and showcases an interesting parallel as to what would happen if Logan was to let go of all his humanity. It also serves as a metaphor for Logan's inner battle against the savage version of himself that has been kept dormant almost his entire life.The final few scenes of the movie show Logan dying at the hands (or claws) of his evil counterpart X-24. It shows 24 impaling Logan on a tree, and right before delivering the final blow, having his head blown apart by an adamantium bullet fired by Laura. As Logan succumbs to his wounds, he expresses a sort of satisfaction in facing his own mortality as demonstrated by the line "so this is what it feels like". Logan's death, I feel, is handled extremely well, with the titular sharing a few blissful moments bonding with his daughter before dying peacefully. It is truly beautiful, but also very sorrowful,and is one of the few moments in all of cinematic history to bring me to tears.Also, there is a truly awesome berserker rage scene at the end of the film where Logan cuts, stabs and slashes his way through dozens of Pierce's men, which is what fans have wanted to see for the past 17 yearsLogan is a brilliant film, one that subverts expectations in every way. It's serious, thoughtful, emotional and at times truly touching. The film is a wonderful final goodbye and swan-song to the character after 17 years. Goodbye, Logan. We're gonna miss you.	4
Great movie. Loved the action and story. Hate what happened to Logan at the end.	4
the Best comic book movie to date...and one of my favorite movies I've ever seen...I could go on about how great..everything in the movie is especially the performances..but there's no point...its a masterpiece, that's all that needs to be said	5
Very well done and the action is non-stop. Hugh Jackson A+	4
With the flaws of the wolverine movies in the past, this one makes up for all of it with a dark and gritty theme, the best performance in Hugh Jackman's career, and a moving and touching story that pulled our heartstrings. The violence of getting stabbed by Wolverine's or X-23's claws is finally the realistic bloodiness that would happen after getting stabbed. While it does have a lack of explanations for the past few years before the story, it also helps not distract audiences from the main story. And X-23 will always make Hitgirl jealous.	4
Simple review Wow this movie was not only awesome but full of awesomeness. Top 5 movie in the x men franchise for sure	4
Comic book movies that don't feel like comic book movies are the best type of comic book movies.Laura might be my new favorite Super Hero.Logan is essentially The Wrestler meets Midnight Special with John Wick's action all disguised as a western movie. And it was fucking glorious.	4
Extremely violent...Honestly, it was one of the most violent films my husband and I have seen ever. We were disappointed by this as well as the development of the plot throughout the film.	1
Terrible movie. Stop it already. You can do better.	1
Not as good as I thought it would be	3
Logan is finally the Wolverine that we've been asking for with leading stars Jackman and Stewart stealing the show in what might be the most thought-provoking and best executed X-men film yet	4
Very good movie, especially for a superhero movie. Good acting, great story, great cinematography, and great pacing. It's the perfect end to an era. The only bad thing about it is that it doesn't really avoid the superhero movie cliche (It isn't too much uniquely different from all the other movies)	4
It's close to perfect.... excellent!	4
Logan is one of the best experiences that you will have in a superhero movie, without doubt the director (James Mangold) has overcome in its direction and its script. Hugh Jackman in his ninth and last performance of the character raged along with the Dafne Keen that had an excellent performance even without speaking a word until half of the film, surely is deserving of Oscar and receives the seal of quality Tarantino	5
Hugh Jackman makes the most of his final performance as Logan portraying the gritty and powerful character that had been missing from Wolverine's prior solo movies. Jackman, Stewart and Keen's performances does the job of indulging the audience in a touching story mixed surprisingly well with an explosion of blood and violence	5
This movie is awesome	5
Possibly the best superhero movie ever comes off as a gritty hard R western that mirrors classics like Unforgiven. Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart are better than ever and bring a cynical look to a story about age and responsibility. 10/10	5
Fucking love this movie	5
Jackman & Stewart were great as always but the movie dragged a bit - could have cut 10 mins easy. Plus the girl was a joke......anytime she was to be all "badass" it was actually comical....her growls sounded like a young girl unable to get a signal on her cellphone and her attempts at looking intimidating DID NOT WORK. And why did she have to be Mexican/Hispanic???...In fact the whole movie got into this whole "multicultural mutant" thing in order to appease political correctness. There was literally just about one of every race in the movie....and who didn't laugh when the portly short black kid was running and jiggling and then tripped...HAHAHA!....they could've at least got someone in shape. As usual, all the bad guys were WHITE of course (it's getting old, folks) and they had to throw in an oppressed but very helpful & respectful black family in the mix in order to complete the agenda. The action scenes and the scenes with Stewart are the only parts of this movie that are worth watching.	2
This movie was amazing. Best X - Men movie by far. Better than X - Men, X - Men: Days of Future Past, The Wolverine Etc. This movie told a story of Logans dark life after his fellow mutants that have been killed off and it does this in a spectacular way. This movie was very emotional and is a very good farewell to Hugh Jackman's Character, The Wolverine.	5
One of the best films of 2017	4
Logan was badass. It was awesome, brutal, bloody, funny, and just flat out perfect. It has it's tears, it has it's action, and has it's humor. I love everything about this movie and to me, it'll be a classic for sure.	5
Dark, different men.	4
In Hugh Jackmans final performance as the wolverine he goes all out with this wild rated R version fans have been wanting to see for years. Hugh Jackman brings his A game and delivers a passionate while at the same time bad ass performance as the man you love to fear, Wolverine. Dagne Keen is a breakout and proves that daddys little girl is not someone to trifle with. Although a central villain is lost in the movie there are plenty of bad guys wolverine and X-23 have to cut down along there path to safety. With twists and character deaths Logan proves that superhero movies can be successful and amazing even if they're rated R.	4
such a brilliant film	5
The best marvel film so far	5
It was ok, defintely not my favorite	3
It's boring, I'm snoring	1
"Logan - gets props for placing its character in a futuristic setting that nods its hat to the western films of the past few decades. The plot doesn't have much in terms of a giving us a creative story but it works for the most part because of the committed performances of Hugh Jackman as the broken down and weary Wolverine and Dafne Keen as the new comer who hasn't quite learned descent human manners. Amidst the bloody bones and the decapitated bodies, this film manages to thrill in a gritty, break-all-barriers kind of way, if you don't mind the downbeat pace at 2 hours and 17 minutes."	3
It is a well documented fact that I have anti superhero movie bias with the occasional exception. The Xmen movies and it's off shots were that exception, though I missed the last Wolverine and last X-Men. Logan is more in the vain of Mad Max in my mind. The stunts are top notch, writing better than most genre films and the acting is good in young newcomer Daphne Keen whom if Fox is smart will let her take the reigns in the franchise since spoiler alert it looks like HJ won't be returning.	3
Amazing movie and I couldn't recommend it enough. It hits on so many emotional levels.	5
James Mangold unique vision of wolverine delivers us a visceral super hero flick that feels real. Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart, Boyd holbrook and Dafne Keen give us some amazing performances in this memorable film.	4
Probably one of the best comic book movies I've seen. Definitely the best X-men movie of the lot.	4
Another one of those movies like "lets go here... actually, over there.... now that i think about it, lets go where the villian wants us to go". Motivations? Direction? Continuity? Release from the crazy tension? Character development? Meh, its wolverine, people will watch it anyway. Characters dying for no reason? OK. Why are they even running? They seem to do just fine with all their superpowers. Useless nudity, useless lame looking gore, and Mexico is a desert...always. If you wanna see hugh jackman in a drama of taking a girl to some other place becoming a father figure and killing everyone in their way, play The Last Of Us. Human traffic with experimentation and Gore? Play Meta Gear Rising Revengance. Everything is dark, gory, desertic and canada is safe for no reason. What are the villians afraid of? The canadian migra? They cant get their passaports to go there? Trump made a huge wall their tanks and helicopters cant cross through? Oh, but its a great movie because LOVE.	1
The final outing of Wolverine by Hugh Jackman is one unforgettable ride and one of the best comic-book movies in recent memory. Directed by James Mangold-who was also at the helm of "The Wolverine" (2013)- Logan creates a character-driven, violent and emotional film, which benefits from its rated-r rating. The acting, action and story of Logan are one-of-a-kinds in the superhero genre, as the cast, headed by Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart and newly- introduced Dafne Keen, play their characters to the fullest. It is unlike any other X-Men film, definitely the best in the series and deserves the praise it's getting.When I saw the first trailer drop, headlined by Johnny Cash's "Hurt", I instantly knew we would be getting something different from everything else that has dropped since the first X-Men film in 2000. The brutality and intensity of the characters pay off in this almost two-and-a- half hour that redefines the superhero genre, and I hope pays dividends for future movies to come.The introduction of X-23 was a big win as well. She is played by Dafne Keen, and though doesn't say much, plays her role very well. Her connection with both Hugh and Patrick creates a family-orientated environment that makes the movie a whole lot better, especially seen in certain scenes.Lastly, as much as I want the character of Wolverine to continue being played on the big screen, it would be better for everyone if they didn't re-cast the role, as no-one would be able to play the role much like the legendary Hugh Jackman.Overall, Mangold and the cast, create a masterfully orchestrated film that will be remembered for years to come. Not only is it a great film, but it is the last time we will be able to appreciate and witness Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart in the X-Men universe.	5
Probably the best "superhero" movie so far! Also, one of the best overall movies I've seen in quite some time. Not a flashy, bright, or shiny MCU movie, but just a great character driven movie. Might replace Winter Soldier as my #1.Dafne Keen steals almost every scene she's in, even the ones where she has no dialogue. Don't know where they found her, but she's amazing! Can't recommend it enough, if you haven't seen it by now, stream it or buy the blu-ray.	5
With a somber tone, great performances, bloody and exciting action, and good depth in characters, Logan delivers a perfect outing for Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart in the X-Men universe in a very violent, gritty, emotional, and ultimately satisfying way.	4
This movie was really well done and really brings good closure to all of the other X-Men and Wolverine movies that I have watched over the past 20 years. Some of the scenes are hard to watch because we never want to see our heroes grow old or infirm. I feel like this movie was a perfect capstone and ending for the saga. I am very thankful they made it and I hope to see a future X-23 movie.	4
A farewell and a welcome!A perfect farewell to the only mutant who had solo films in 'X-Men' franchise. I never understood 'X-Men', I thought it was the worst superhero film series I've ever seen. But 'Wolverine' was the only reason I watched them all and particular, Hugh Jackman. There won't be Logan now onwards, though a set of new generation welcomed in this film, while saying goodbye to the old guys. So now what happens in the future of this franchise is a very suspense. Yet Logan had been the precious gem in the crown of 'X-Men', that mean it won't be the same anymore.After many years passed in the future, the last survivours of mutants hiding their identity and living among the humans. Logan and two others were attacked by the armed men when he decided to help a child mutant. Running away from them and looking for a place where they can be safe prioritised in the narration. More dramatised film in the franchise, but there are enough actions those who desire for that.It's an emotional time for the hardcore fans of Logan/Hugh Jachman. One final great performance by him and the little kid was also good. A well shot film, with minimum graphics and more realistic stunt sequences. Well, not all were real, too strong fights, too bloody, despite having a child actor in it. Yeah, it is a good film, I liked it, but not a masterpiece as you might have heard of. But anyway, it is a must see for the 'Wolverine' fans.7/10	3
Logan is the latest X-Men film starring Hugh Jackman in his final portrayal as Wolverine. It's also, the first movie featuring Wolverine to be Rated R. This movie is one of the darkest and deepest comic book films since The Dark Knight. Director James Mangold (The Wolverine) returns and writes Logan for an awesome end to Hugh Jackman's 17-year career as everyone's favorite X-Men character. The story loosely adapts one of the best storylines, "Old Man Logan." Logan is old and beaten down. All of his fellow X-Men comrades are gone. He's also trying to take care of his father figure Charles Xavier from bizarre seizures. In his final adventure, Logan has to protect a girl named Laura, who has abilities just like him, from the government who are after her. Hugh Jackman gave his best for last to show how deep and complex Wolverine became after all these years. He still has that rage and aggression inside of him. Same goes with Laura, played by Dafne Keen. She's fun to watch every time on screen. Patrick Stewart gives a gripping performance as Charles Xavier. He's weak, his powers are useless, and shattered. Charles at this point is basically crippled, which is something never seen before in the comics. Logan has barely any hope. You're watching not just an action flick starring Wolverine, but also a serious drama at the same time. There is some humor added, but it's not like a Marvel Cinematic Universe movie where everything is bright and fun for everybody. No, 20th Century Fox's take on with their movies is focusing more on the adult audience. In fact, I don't recall any children today knowing the X-Men. One, they're not in the MCU, and two, no toys or action figures to sell for the kids. As I said before, this movie is rated R. So much blood and gore throughout. Some people may say this was a bad choice. Well, to be fair, the Wolverine comics are pretty dark. Similar to Deadpool, the murk with the mouth, not made for kids whatsoever, since that was Rated R as well. By the way parents, do not bring your kids to see blood and guts. That's not in their blood. No pun intended. The action is really, really good. These are some of the best action I've seen in the X-Men films, mostly no CGI is spotted. This means no cars flying, no robots destroying mutants, none of that is found in Logan at all. You can barely even tell if it is CGI or not. Wolverine goes beserk one everyone, by stabbing them in the face, chopping people's heads off, it's the perfect family film of the year. Everything is great about Logan. However, it does have some flaws. For one, the villains are poorly developed. I really thought Omega Red was set to be the villain as thet said. Instead, we have Donald Pierce, portrayed by Boyd Holbrook. How did he recieved that robotic hand? The big boss revealing sucked as well. Don't worry, I won't spoil it, but it would've been a great twist if it were someone we knew from a previous movie. Never developed, never explained, nothing more, nothing less. Overall, Logan is a tremendous action/drama movie for the adult audience. Here's what I have to say to Hugh Jackman. Thank you for bringing one of the best superhero portrayals ever. Without you as Wolverine, we wouldn't had this long running franchise that first started in 2000. See you around, bub. I'm giving Logan a 9/10.	5
Way better than Spiderman Homecoming. That Spiderman movie sucks!	5
Was a good movie but did not like seeing an aging wolverine fight like a lost cause	4
A fantastic ending to wolverine. This is a story about family above all. Great cinematography and script. It's gritty and violent, but with a lot of heart. I think is Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart's best performance as Logan and Charles. The little girl playing Laura is fantastic as well, hope she gets another x-men movie in the future.	4
Logan was Hugh Jackman's last time as Wolverine and he brought all his acting skill to the table. With an incredibly strong supporting cast of Patrick Stewart and newcomer Dafne Keen, Logan is a ride of heart, family, and the destruction death causes wrapped in a beautiful story.	5
Not sure about this. It was certainly different but was it better? The more gratuitous violence and the excessive use of the F-word made it clear to whom it was appealing. I liked the story line but the real lack of depth in the development of the characters was what disappointed me.	3
This movie proved to me that super hero movies don't have to be fast and fun and have no real purpose. It showed that superheroes can still have lives and feelings. Logan delivers a really life like,heartfelt, and beautiful movie that is easily the best superhero movie of all time.	4
The culmination of 17 years of a character, Logan gives fans what they've wanted from a Wolverine movie: a gritty, dark, and serious character study in Hugh Jackman's swan song as the character.	4
I always wonder when Logan will be relieved from hardships. It made me feel what Logan does when he confronts with the reality. Another thing is that I wish this isn't the last one to see HuJackMan in the movie Nicely done.	4
Not your usual X-Men movie... I really enjoy d it, but there were parts where I don't like how some characters were treated and their outcome.	4
This movie by far is the greatest Rated R Comic Book Movie and I was honestly speechless when I saw this movie. This was the perfect ending for both Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart and since this is their last time playing both Wolverine and Professor X, then they went out perfectly. Thank You for the memories for the 17 years of the X-MEN films. I will kid you're roles playing my these characters.	5
After 17 years and 8 films, it's appropriate that Wolverine's last foray into the cinematic world is his most mature. This is NOT your average X-Men movie. Brutal, bloody, and honest, it's an R-rated film that deserves its rating. Look out, Wolverine is finally allowed to use those claws to their full extent, and use them he does... in spectacularly violent fashion. This is perhaps the first comic-book movie that is grounded more in raw emotion and reality than in fun escapism, and I have to say, it's all the better for it. It's the grown/thinking-person's superhero movie, and the tone is somber and atmospheric instead of light and colorful. It's by far the darkest, most serious, and most grim of any "X" movie, it doesn't even belong in the same genre. Though it's the third solo outing for Wolverine, the film definitely stands on its own - it's heads and tails the most personal and unquestionably the best of the three. Hugh Jackman is outstanding, the story allows for him to tap into the character's humanity and psychological pain in a way that he was never able to before. Dafne Keen, who plays the little girl, is also wonderful in the part, though I question the choice of her casting just because she looks so eerily similar to Evan Peters, who plays Quicksilver in the previous two X-installments. I just couldn't get past it! (Google them, I assure you, the similarity is totally freaky). The film is a little too long but is mostly well-paced so you don't feel the length of it. Writer/Director James Mangold's filmography may as well be titled "Hit and Miss", but this film is decidedly a hit, maybe his best ever. It's a fundamentally human story (albeit, a little too familiar) that is told with care and respect for the character and all he has been through, and I really appreciated that. After all this time, Wolverine has finally gotten the movie he deserves, and I'm so glad he was able to go out on top.	4
Logan is an intriguing superhero film that develops a dark yet human story and Hugh Jackman's final outing as wolverine is triumphant and emotionally fascinating that brings it's viewers to the world that is around him. I will never forget this film because it really touched me	5
A great heartfelt road trip movie with amazing acting and a great story. This movie shows that all comic book movies doesn't have to be made in a single way. It shows that they can combine different genres to make a great movie and not just another good comic book movie.	5
Amazingly cool take on the character of the Wolverine. Logan manages to be both emotionally impactful and action packed. I couldn't take my eyes off the screen. Great introduction to a new young character. Logan is easily one of the best X-Men films and one of the best superhero films ever.	5
One of the best movies I ever seen!	5
Changes the way we look at the X-Men, it may be depressing but that's just like real life so suck it up other reviewers!	5
Logan did two significant things: It gave us a comic book movie that was unlike anything we've ever seen, sharing more in common with movies like Unforgiven than with any comic book movie, even those within the same franchise; and (I can't overstate the significance of this enough) it gave us a perfect conclusion and tribute to the character of Wolverine and the man who's played him longer than anyone's played a comic book character onscreen. Logan was everything it needed to be and more, making it one of the most unique comic book movies ever made, and one of the greatest.	5
always wanted an r rated wineries movie	5
Dark & boring. I thought Dr. X was dead?? Not that good. Glad I'm watching for free on the cody.	2
This was the most depressing superhero movie ever. Basically, Wolverine is dealing with the drudgery of middle age. He's caring for a demented Professor X, while dealing with his aging body (because apparently adamantium poisoning is the only thing his body can't regenerate from). He is angry about the lost relationships he's had, working a dead-end job, and self-medicating heavily. As if that weren't enough, Logan is confronted by the reality that he has a daughter he never knew about. Struggling to adjust to life as a single dad, and trying to connect to an emotionally troubled tween, Logan decides to follow the advice of the old man with Alzheimer's and take their troubles on the road, where Professor X's ailing mind and failing wisdom put scores of innocent civilians in harm's way. But it's all ok because, despite all the loss, Wolverine found out he still can love.	1
LOGAN is truly The Movie From Hell . . . abysmal writing . . . completely unsympathetic, irritating characters . . . editing that defies description. 93% and 91% Rotten Tomato scores?!? What were reviewers thinking!?! Hugh Jackman was utterly wasted . . . Patrick (Wasn't He Already Dead?!?) Stewart made me want to wear blinders and earplugs . . . Dafne Keen cannot even spell her name correctly. This one should be relegated to The Trash Heap. Thank devils with pitchforks for no sequel.	1
Finally get it right...	5
To put it bluntly, "This ain't your daddy's X-Men." Logan is a violent, bloody, and gory film about Hugh Jackman's final bow as one of the most enduring characters in Comic Book films. A definite must see not just for fans of X-Men/Wolverine, but anyone who is a film-noir buff.	5
Extremely slow and Logan the character is not as you would expect and leaves you disappointed. The direction of the film seems to ramble.	2
A fantastic comic book movie that is also a fantastic movie, this film shows the dark side of characters we have loved for years yet we can't help but care for them in this dark and wonderfully told tale. A riveting work of cinema.	5
Logan's final stand is a compelling, grim and dark tale with a grounded story and lovable characters. You can't help but feel Logan and company's agony and hardship as they go through many challenges to live a better life.	5
A near perfect marvel film, that really puts a spectacular finishing touch to one of the great superhero characters of the marvel century.Hugh Jackman goes out with a bang playing his wolverine character one last time in what really could be considered a non-super hero film. What made this film so special is the emotion depth of the movie. From the first scene I felt in touch with what I was seeing on the big screen and I instantly knew this was going to be a wild, emotional ride. The movie takes a look at an old, worn down wolverine, who's healing power is now wearing off, as he is on a crash course with death. Professor Xavier plays a prevalent role as he is also old and wearing, and being cared for by Logan and another mutant Callahan. The real depth of the story comes with Laura played by Dafne Keen (who turns in a star making performance) a young mutant who is just like wolverine in a child's body. She is being tracked by a ruthless group of people and Logan realizes he must protect her along with Xavier. To the movie itself, this is the first X men type movie to have an R rating. There is heavy language and brutal violence not seen in past movies which only adds to the grittiness of the film. There is just an emotional depth to this film that really affects you and draws you in. The backdrop and story are so intense. We see Logan like we never have before with a zealous attitude and it is a beautiful thing to watch. This is a film that has 2-3 scenes that are so well made, so deeply affecting, shot in such a brilliant manner that these particular scenes stick with you long after the movie is over. There are also things that come out of nowhere that make you say "whoa" that just happened? Jackman at the end of the day shows supreme acting chops, and lets us in a side of Wolverine we have never seen before. You can tell he put his heart and soul into this role and the payoff is gigantic. The film is a journey into the human spirit, mixed with an intense level of violence, and top notch storytelling that will make you laugh and will also make you cry. Fantastic.	4
***Hugh Jackman gives an excellent final performance as the Wolverine in 'Logan'; a film which is at times masterful, but loses marks due to erratic pacing and a muddled tone.	3
Strong end to the Wolverine franchise. No one will ever replace Hugh Jackman. This movie is what Marvel movies should be. It's gritty, thought provoking and well acted. In retrospect, all the wolverine movies should have been R.	3
Relentlessly boring and immature. A teenager's view of what makes a good action film.	1
Perfect send-off for Hugh Jackman's 17 year run as The Wolverine. It's gritty, emotional, and extremely satisfying. Loved every minute of it.	5
Dissapointing. Catered to the die hard fans who required the gratuitous violence and language. As a casual fan, I would not recommend this to another casual fan. True to the source material, but a far cry from most other marvel movies.	1
Hugh Jackman strikes back with an exhilarating final peformance as the title character, with the inclusion of great storytelling, good direction, and amazing action.	4
Best movie of the solo wolverine movies by far.	4
"Logan" is one of the year's best. "Logan" is now my favorite hero movie. James Mangold creates the elegy of the hero in mortality and ultimately love. Hugh Jackman is powerful and nuanced-- his best performance. Dafne Keen is awesome-- she is the new star.	5
I sure enjoyed the movie. It's not a good movie but the well developed relationship and dark side of Logan, and gritty action makes this movie at least worth watching if you are or aren't a Marvel fan.	3
Not my typical type of movie, but it did keep my interest.	3
Boring.Lots of violence, but without inspiring, in the viewer, a desire for justice/vengence or of fear for the protagonists.The characters are unlikeable.. The plot uninspired and predictable.	1
This final chapter stands in stark contrast to the previous family-friendly films of the X-Men series. Gritty, violent, and dark themes throughout. Explosions. Fight scenes. Car chases. Everything you'd expect from Marvel. Dafne Keen (Laura) puts on an excellent performance herself, going through much of the film without saying a word. Logan and his next of kin put on a pretty damn good show. I think X-Men fans will appreciate the unique relationship Logan has in this movie one in which we have not witnessed from our usual Wolverine. Boyd Holbrook's character (Donald Pierce) was the designated villain of the film and was utterly worthless as a character. The movie would have felt exactly the same if the role of Donald Pierce was played by an onion. Long story short go see Logan if you haven't already. Hugh Jackman's best performance as Wolverine in the X-Men series. What a way to go out, he leaves behind a legacy in the Marvel Universe.	5
LOGAN es la mejor película de la saga "X-MEN" No es sólo una gran película de super héroes, sino también es un excelente drama.1. Es como si Mad Max y Children of Men tuvieran un hijo.2. La violencia y las escenas de acción son excelentes, pero creo que es exagerado considerar esta película como Clasificación C; pero eso si, esta es la película de Marvel más violenta que he visto. (Y con tetas incluidas)3. Es una de las mejores películas de super héroes que he visto. 4. Si, no estás equivocado, estoy hablando de una película de Wolverine, y está es muy buena (Olvidemos las anteriores por favor)	4
i saw Logan and. it was everything it was said out to be ...from word of mouth, raving reviews (ala rotten tomatoes ,etc) - It is indeed dark, extremely graphic, blood gory and violent, nothing about it was comic book family friendly fun this time around, and it definitely was not cartoonish or gimmicky,It was as climatic and emotional as an superhero movie scene as i can remember, . It was really hard to believe that the studio made some of the hardest decisions regarding the wolverine films and character.Normally i tend to at times have issues with Marvel Universe films when it comes to plots and character development, such as the Avenger films, and even the latest Xmen Apocalypse film, but with Logan, the plot and twist and turns and the development of most of the characters i thought was very well put together and captivating.Speaking of characters, One of the more intriguing spotlight was Dafne Keen as Laura, as it was easily determined what her inner secret was,in how she was connected with Logan, and her mutant powers, once she herself springs into action. Many will enjoy Boyd Holbrook as the cunning, relentless and ruthless villain Pierce as well as Stephen Merchant as Caliban. You have to pay close attention as to why both Wolverines' and Professor Xavier's' mutant powers go haywire and faltering. Both are also noticeably older images than previous films. if there anything nit picky about Logan movie it was that the length of the film was a bit too long, and you could tell it as there only a couple of lulling times that it felt like it. But run and chase scenes can keep you edgy, and on your feet, the physical combat battles were heavy, fast-paced " graphic-violent. Surprise twists and turns and discoveries that will manage to move you emotionally,.. it was something to see when the people Logan was compelled to protect was put into the mix and watching their growing pains, how they attack and defend, become attached to Xmen's Xavier and Logan,.play in the gravest moments and crisis that was difficult to see coming ....we've seen wolverine use his slashing claws in prior movies,... but never through a man's skull..! LOL Easily one of the best Marvel movies to ever come out, IMO and easily one of the top 2-3 Xmen films of all time .. Highly recommendable. on a scale of 1 to 10, I'd give it a 8.5.	4
A fantastic movie. Logan plays with our emotions, it's a spectacle.It really is an amazing movie.	4
this film is the proper send off to hugh jackman wolverine and it truly shows the perfection behind the masterpiece more centralized in themes like family and hope. wonder woman should learn about this	5
One of the best X-Men movies ever made, as well as one of the best Super Hero flicks. Highly recommended!	4
Entertaining, dark and poignant.	4
Entertaining, dark and poignant.	4
Logan departs from previous X-Men movies favoring a much more interesting aesthetic and tone.	4
Great movie! My favorite X-Men installment so far! It is filled with action and can make you cry. Probably THE BEST superhero movie of all time!	5
I came at this movie having only seen the first X-Men. So I don't think it hit me as hard as someone who'd been invested in Jackman's Wolverine for the past decade and a half.But it was still excellent. Logan does as good a job of exploring aging as the original does of exploring coming-of-age. Dafne Keen is nothing short of awesome, and the weaving of western tropes into the X-Men story is done very well. The use of graphic violence really adds to the weight of the story in an effective way.Some of the symbolism was a bit too on the nose for me, but at the end of the day it's a solid movie that's worthwhile even for non-genre fans.	4
By far my most favorite Marvel movie of all time. No better way to send the all-mighty Wolverine off than with this action-thriller full of decapitations and an introduction into a new age of mutants. Replacing the old with the new. Dafne Keen was fantastic and well represented as his daughter. Hugh Jackman did an incredible job sending off his beloved mutant character off. Loved it.	5
Remarkable, heart breaking, and brilliant nonstop action from beginning to end. Completely unpredictable in a beautiful way. A fantastic film.	5
a very solid movie, loved it8/10 for me	4
Logan is based on the Wolverine series! A man meets his daughter and goes on an adventure with her, relationship wise and trying to survive wise! The movie is filled with blood and action but is heart warming at the same time! Warning this is not the regular Marvel movie it includes lots of blood, the F word is used frequently and violent images are shows with a little girl all throughout the movie it is not meant for your 10 year old! You will love this movie and the ending is perfect for an all time Marvel fan! I loved it and will enjoy watching Logan again anytime!	5
I am pretty tired of the superhero genre. I just feel it has run it's course on me. It's not that they aren't occasionally making good movies, or entertaining movies, it is really more a matter that I just need someting different. "Logan," the swansong for both Hugh Jackman as Wolverine and Patrick Stewart as Professor X, is a solid movie...it is at least made differently than standard superhero stuff. It is among the better end of X-Men stuff. And I thought it was just okay. I liked it, didn't love it, thought it worked...just didn't particularly care in the end. Glad it wasn't annoying or overblown, but just think I've moved pretty far on from superhero stuff for a good long while.	3
I could watch Hugh Jackman play Wolverine for days, so I'm biased! But this was a genuinely great performance by Jackman...full of depth and soul and well above and beyond "just an action movie". For lovers of the series/genre, it's a no brainer that this one will get to you...and the end! Oh! The end! SPOILER ALERT: it had me in tears!!! How can you EVER let Wolverine die?!?! It's like finding out there's no Santa Claus again!!! There ALWAYS needs to be Wolverine! But it's brilliantly set just far enough in the future to leave room for possible future appearances (I HOPE!) by Jackman in the role.	4
great movie. Sad to see Hugh Jackman as the last Wolverine in the X-Men Franchise. He'll be replaced by other actors and will be different without him. Sad ending that he died while others will tried helping since he can't do it alone. Surprising that Laura can speak English because Gabriela Taught her Spanish. Logan is surprised to hear Laura talk and amazed how Laura can drive for her age and take Logan to the doctor while leaving at once.. Nice that Laura called Logan '' Daddy or Dad. She killed so many people to save the lives of the children who had special powers. The children having special powers reminded of The movie X-Men:First Class. Laura Kills and has claws to kill just like her dad Logan.. cool..	5
Lots of surprises. Not the best in the series, but not bad either. Fitting end to the character.	3
I am actually let down.It is depressing without letting up, rated "R" with no reason except excess, and just not fun to watch.Bummed out....	1
It's the best superhero I have ever seen!!	5
An okay superhero film but not as breakthrough as I thought. The R-rating of this film really is a bless for its choreography, as the film's action looks raw, realistic, and different from other tone-down superhero films. But the plot, which obviously borrows elements from Cormac McCarthy's "The Road" and Naughty Dog's "The Last of Us", seemed to be refreshing at first but grew to be repetitive and tiring as the film went on due to the lack of character development/revelation (especially regarding Professor X and Laura) as a sacrifice for the heavy focus on Wolverine, who is still as grumpy and aggressive as in any other X-Men film despite the newly-found resignation. The conventional ending is another disappointment, especially given the underuse of the young mutants during the climax (including the almighty Laura), and a very one-dimensional cast of villains. A 4-star is as generous as I can give for this film.	4
A good culmination of the great Hugh Jackman Wolverine era.	3
Come satisfy your bloodlust which you never knew you had, and feel a few feels that you never knew you had.	5
I really enjoyed this movie! I watched the Logan Noir version and it was amazing!	5
Good movie, great story, and very action pack but I didnt like that it is R-rated so its bloody in the action scenes and I didnt like that so much but everything else was ok	4
A new atmosphere for the superhero genre that fills the gap between the comic and the idea of the movie, and made a masterpiece in the process	5
"Logan" is THE prime example of the kind of glorious genre movie that can arise from a studio willing to fillet convention and financially-motivated tropes. "Deadpool" was only the beginning! James Mangold's brutal second foray in the standalone adventures of the X-Men's most popular mutant is a bold, savage vision with maturity and grit not seen in a superhero film before (or most modern blockbusters for that matter). "Logan's" influences don't go wholly unnoticed, but it remains very much it's own beast. Highlighted by arguably the best performance of Hugh Jackman's career, and fittingly in his signature role, "Logan" in not only the surefire best entry in the entire X-Men film franchise... it's something close to a masterpiece.	4
Very nicely done. Story is strong and well thought out. I was not expecting something to happen to Xavier and Logan.	4
This movie lives up to the longs tradition of Fox made Wolverine movies being absolute garbage. This is a disgrace to the name Logan. #GiveHimBackToMarvel	1
I didn't enjoy seeing Logan that powerless	2
Finally the Wolverine movie that fans alike have wanted. This is not what you expect of a superhero film. This is a western with superheroes in it. Hugh Jackman gives a rugged & emotional portrayal in his final outing as the tormented Logan, and every other cast member is on point & brilliant. This film defies genre cliches & isn't afraid to pack the right punch & finish a story off correctly, even if it may not be to the liking of dedicated fans of the character. This film is brutal, emotional, and full of action; but you appreciate the space between the sequences as the character interaction is great. The score is right on the money, the direction is fantastic and this film has not only set a standard for future superhero films, but also changed the way we all should look at them. Amazing film.	4
The best marvel film ever	5
Unexpected ending but great	5
Logan brings the first wave of X-Men films as well as the Wolverine's story to a poignant, haunting and fitting end.	4
The best xmen movie to date	5
Great ending to a legendary hero!	3
This movie was actually quite refreshing to watch. The acting was pretty well done and the plot was not one that you could predict (easily that is). Of course, the plot is quite sad with all the deaths of some of the characters but I guess this means a whole new beginning (hopefully). The story felt kind of short, I think that some parts of the plot could have been removed and substituted with something else. One such part was when the stayed the night at the farmer's house, in my opinion, this was just an excuse to kill off some of the characters that were killed. In the end, it is a good movie, the only reason I did not give it a 5-star review is that the story felt kind of short.	4
This was an awesome movie. One of the absolute best X-Men movies. The ending was fitting but extremely emotional. I think this is the first X-Men movie that has ever had me crying like a baby. Wolverine was my hero..	5
Was it better than any other Wolverine film? Fuck yes. Was it better than any of the X-Men universe movies? Fuck no.Logan was great. Fun. Violent. Had a good story. Stewart seemed to be having the most fun he has ever had on a film. Jackman turned a performance so fine I would not be surprised in the least if he gets nominated for some accolades. It has a lot going for it, and then some shit that it has against it...First off, X-Men universe has a problem recently, shit villains. Deadpool has the most legit stupid villain ever. Worse than Sharon Stone in CatWoman. Magneto in Days Of Futures Past was weak. Apocalypse was cool enough, but far from the menacing Magneto in X-Men or Bryan Cox as Stryker in X2. That goofy cyborg Fuck stain in Logan was just awful. Shit actor made a shit character all the worse. His screen presence is akin to a wet napkin. He was annoying. Like Lucas Black in every film annoying. The only redeeming villain in that movie was Wolverine. He should have had more screen time and not even had Wet Nap in the goddamn movie.	4
Now i'm hate all super heroes movies.	5
Sad but great ending to the wolverine.	4
Visceral and emotionally resonant.	4
This was a really, really enjoyable film, on several levels. Logan is exactly what I wanted when they started making films with my favourite beer beerguzzling superhero of all time, and it only took them nine X-Men films to get it right... As a fan of the western genre, I was doubly happy with the choices made, and it was of course a good fit making a western with the ultimate loner character.	4
The final film to star Hugh Jackman as the Wolverine delivers a poignant and heartfelt sendoff to the classic character, while suggesting big things to come for the X-Men series.	4
Great movie and finally a super hero movie done right as rated R.	4
An Absolute Masterpiece. The Single Greatest Comic Book Film we have ever seen,The Unforgiven of the Comic Book Film Genre.	5
Best movie of 2017 till now!	5
Powerful movie, great performances by everyone. A fitting send off to a great character.	5
Logan is Amazing, Spectacular, and a Legend told with a heart of gold. Logan is a movie that with leave crying with tears of gold.	5
Logan is probably the best X-Men film ever made, but it's not an amazing film. The cast was amazing, but their characters never really emotional grabbed me except Logan and Xavier. What made this film a whole lot of fun is the gore and action. I've never seen an X-Men so badass. They almost used the R Rating as an advantage, but you can tell that some dialogues pushed some extra "Fuck"s to spice up the rating and be more like Deadpool. This cause the dialogue to feel unnatural. Logan is so good at standing on it's own that there were moments that I actually forgot that this is an X-Man film. This is also the most beautiful cinematography in a superhero film I've ever seen. The style is so different from the usual X-Man vibe. It's a whole lot of fun with a whole lot of blood.8.5/10	4
An emotional tear-jerker. Loved every minute of it	5
Entonces, esta es la película que todo fanático de Wolverine esperaba. Brutalmente elaborada, cruda y hostil. El final perfecto para Jackman, que deja su legado como Wolverine con la interpretación más fuerte en su carrera. Te vamos a extrañar, Hugh, te vamos a extrañar, Logan.	4
An absolutely amazing movie. It is my favorite superhero or action movie ever. I say (write) action reluctantly because even though it would be catogarized as action there is so much more to it. Not to hate on action movies in any way, it's just that this movie really does have layers upon layers of things that have been sorely lacking in the last two Wolverine movies. The acting, editing, set, direction, casting, soundtrack, everything was fantastic and far exceeded my expectations.	5
Superheroes, fantastic scene action, violence and so much tears. Best Jackman performance as wolverine. One of the best superheroes movies.	5
What an excellent film! This is the Wolverine film we've always wanted. With fantastic action pieces and engaging dialogue. Hugh Jackman makes the most of his final outing as Wolverine for sure. The movie was extremely gory and surprisingly had a lot of humor, which was great! Everyone does a superb job in this movie bringing realism and believably to a hard to believe concept of "mutants" in the first place. And oh boy what a treat for everyone before the film starts. Ha!. 85/100	4
Jackman said goodbye perfectly. Logan will touch X-Men fans for years to come.	4
This is rated R, it is not a kid's movie but the end of the line for two great X-Men characters. Don't complain about sex, cursing and violence in adult R-rated movies unless you want to look like an idiot. This is a gritty movie with a film noir feel. This is much more adult than the other X-Men movies. In this story mutants are no longer being born and old mutants are hiding out. Logan AKA Wolverine is making a living as driver on the US-Mexican border when he and the ill with some dementia Professor Xavier get a message to take a "special" young girl to a mutant hideout. Dark and gritty, best of the series. There is also a black and white version of this film which matches the tone.	5
This is likely one of the best, if not THE best, of any "superhero" movie I have seen. We've been treated with a poor display of action-first-questions-later films in recent years. Marvel has ruined the genre with its incessant rinse-and-repeat films, and Logan has given me hope that I thought was already lost. If compelling story and proper character development means anything to you, then you must see this film. Absolutely excellent. I would struggle to give it anything less than a 9.0 out of 10, if not a 10.	5
Simple, direct, grown up and finally Hollywood learns how to end a character storyline..... or does it? Time will tell, this was a good film.	5
Great way to go out, just like the old westerns.	5
Honestly the beat superhero movie I've seen in quite awhile. Although it was over the top violent, it was bad ass. It took a simple and predictable plot but had some nice twists and turns. The acting was phenomenal, Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart especially deserve some serious recognition. This film was fantastic, and different, very refreshing yet dark. It plays with your emotions, but is a lot of fun! Loved it, if it were less predictable it'd be perfect.	4
This is the movie that Wolverine fans deserve. It's brutal, violent, dramatic, and it sends Hugh Jackman out on a high note.	4
Comicbook movie Royalty ! Deserves every praise ! Amazing acting from Hugh, Patrick and Dafne . As a Wolverine fan for 20 years , i could not ask for a more perfect movie ! Hugh ,you left on a high note ! Hats off to you, sir ! You will be my Wolverine forever ! Thank you .	5
You definitely get a bang for your buck in this action packed movie!	4
Did I like this movie? I'm still not sure. The seriousness of the setting is wonderful. Some shots are pretty on their own. The science fiction aspects of mutants aging is downright inspired. Some truly funny and moving moments. Problem is I think the violence is actually far too much and often tasteless. I can summarize most of the movie as knives in eyes and brains. Some of it is good choreography and cinematography, but most is truly disgusting; and not in a good, Tarantinian fun-at-the-movies kind of way. And, oh my goodness, please stop saying "Oscar potential." There is maybe some actor nodding to be had, but zero other awards potential. Give me a break.	3
AMAZING...BEST FILM OF THE YEAR!! ENOUGH SAID...	5
Powerful and emotional. Truly amazing performances all around. The best Wolverine and Professor X scenes ever. I'd say this is the best Marvel non-MCEU movie to date! I would have loved to have seen what happened between the last X-Men movie and this one. That would be worth watching...unlike Apocalypse.My only complaint - the psycho-buffed Wolverine clone. I felt it was a let down and cliche to have an actor fight themselves. Despite that, the rest of the movie more than makes up for it.	4
This shit was So Overrated!fox is shit and they have never gotten Marvel characters right. Boycott fox.	2
Was a sad day to see The Wolverine go. Good story.	4
The movie brings the violence and emotion in the same time while giving audience something to think about. Even though it's not visually filled or superhero vs "megavillain", it actually bring some realistic elements into the film like superhero has feelings and emotions, there is no greater obstacle than the superhero own weakness and downfall. Hugh Jackman brought out all the layer of Wolverine should have in his portrayal making this film surprisingly deep and emotional.	5
Amazing movie ! Incredible acting from the 3 main actors , especially Hugh! He deserves the Oscar for his performance .This is comicbook movie gold .To the people complaining about the violence : You can suck the middle claw from all Wolverine fans around the world !	5
Crepuscular final con toques de western	3
overall it may have been a good movie but the violence was just Slaughter and not really that much fun	2
overall it may have been a good movie but the violence was just Slaughter and not really that much fun	2
Gritty. Dark. A powerful lament that shatters expectations for what a superhero movie can be in a way that hasn't been done since the Dark Night with Heath Ledger as the Joker. Hugh Jackman gives what may be the greatest performance of his carrier.	5
Amazing film best x men film	5
Simply put, this is the Best Movie I have seen this year (so far)	5
Another damn good Wolverine flick.	4
Wish Logan didn't die!!!!!!	4
Disturbing and depressing. This is a superhero movie that misplaced its Prozac pills--and with boring villains and action scenes to boot. I didn't like it very much.	2
I'm beginning to lose faith in rotten tomatoes ratings. this movie is horrible.	2
This movie was amazing and depressing seeing Logan go through a hard time and being a father like character to a new generation to new mutants is awesome.	5
I had this movie hyped up so much in my head that there was no way it was going to meet my expectations. But I must say it was still a bomb ass movie. The plot is incredibly simple and the extreme violence doesn't seem forced. The problem was that the movie wasn't incredible, what I mean by that is that there's practically no flaws to point out but something is missing to make it great. One flaw that I can point out is that Logans death didn't give me the feels as much as I would have liked. I think this movie could get better on the second watch and I'm looking forward to watching it again on blueray.Score 87/100Thinking back on it, this movie has done more for me than Guardians and I think I will enjoy it more on a second watch. I really wanted to give this movie a 100/100 before even walking into the theater. I had this movie hyped up for months more than any movie other than the Force Awakens. DAMN I WANNA WATCH THIS MOVIE AGAIN.Second watchWatched it halfway.new score 8.5/10	4
A great gritty action movie that easily stands on its own outside the superverse. It loses one star for Richard E Grant , who has always been mediocre at best, and just about as much a villain as Tinky Winky.	4
Not as great as everyone says it is. Was expecting more. Chemistry between Logan and Laura is non existent	3
This was by far the bloodiest, most graphic of all the Marvel flicks. It was also grim and a bit depressing but little "Wolverina" was full of anger/rage and butt- kicking just like the big guy!	3
"She's like you. She's very much like you." A worthy final chapter.	4
so good it should get awards!!	5
This is the best x-men movie in my opinion. Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart are terrific and Dafne Keen was great as X-23. Having an R rating helped to make this movie great. This was a great farewell to Hugh Jackman as wolverine.9.8/10	5
The plot of the movies and some elements still have obvious improving space available. But I have to give it 5 stars comparing to the previous 2 Wolverines movies. Thanks for bringing Wolverines into adulthood! Made Wolverines movie meeting expectation, the expectation from the audience group which actually grew up with this version of Wolverines.	5
Logan is very good, and I can recognize all the ways it has surpassed the genre. Xavier, Laura, and Logan are all well developed characters. The violence is visceral, and the locations are gorgeous. This is a film with a strong emotional heart. That being said, there is an element of the film involving a cell phone which is absolutely nonsensical, and given the amount of time devoted to this bit, really detracts from the film. Additionally, other than a competent performance by Boyd Holbrook the antagonists feel tired an uninspired, obvious symbolism or no. The third act has a great emotional aspect, but the bland antagonists and the shoddy at times logistics of it take you out of the scene when you need to be fully invested for the final emotional payoff to land.	3
I was super disappointed by Logan. I wanted to love it so much, but in the end I actually turned off the movie in favour of old Happy Days reruns. The concept of a gritty realistic comic book movie set in the future was great and the acting was decent as well, but the CGI was just above Etch-a-sketch quality and the violence came across as forced and indulgent. Almost masturbatory.	3
Please bring Logan back.	5
I loved it. This was the X-Men movie we always wanted. Finally, we have the Wolverine fight scenes we always wanted. Great story. A great send off for Hugh Jackman. If you aren't into superhero movies, watch this for the fight scenes if nothing else. Good concept, Very Good Execution	4
The best superhero film there is, period.	5
Thrilling and exciting as characters are being challenged till the very end to the world of wolverine crumbling under a major plot. Exciting and keeps the audience wanting more. Wolverines major flaw is intended to strengthen others in this movie, but a twist occurs as questions are answered and fears are awakening.	5
why is he dying i thought wolverine couldn't die!	3
Probably the best of the X Men movies	4
Totally overhyped and overrated. This movie should not have been made. Fox should have just let Days of Future Past be the proper send off for the original cast. This film is steeped in gory violence, bleak nihilism, and foul language. There is no hope at all. It's supposed to be set only 5 years after DOFP, which is ridiculous. No way could things go so downhill so fast for the mutants in such a short amount of time. Logan is a slap in the face to DOFP. Everything the X-Men did in that movie amounted to nothing. The hopeful future where all the X-Men are alive is replaced by a dire future where Charles Xavier killed several of his own X-Men (we never find out who). Since this is the X-Men movie set furthest in the future, it casts a dark shadow over the whole franchise. You know all those prequels starring James Mcavoy and Michael Fassbender? Well, they are all now leading to a future where most mutants are dead and gone. A pitiful end for the X-Men. Hopefully the time traveler Cable comes along and saves the future once again.	1
I never thought there would be a perfect comic book movie. I would never have even remotely thought it would be a rated R X-Men movie either.Here we are. A brutal beautiful tragic piece of art. Every shot is beautiful. Every line of dialog is perfect. Every action scene is absolutely brutal and amazing. This is surreal in terms of quality. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. It's not a happy movie. It is far from it. It is a real movie though. That is what matters. There are stakes. People die. You know the characters you have come to love are vulnerable and that makes it relatable. The movie is perfect.	5
Good movie. Violent, a ton of bad langue, not for kids.	3
Very good but very violent.	4
A sad finale for Hugh Jackson and for Patrick Stewart	4
Pretty much lives up to the hype. Obviously very humanistic this time around than "superhero-y." Jackman is great yet again.	4
Amazing film just loved the film. Wondeful tribute to hugh jackman. I wish that they could have come up better script for all other wolverine movies that they had. Ending with high note and emotional not.	4
Beautiful. As two friends walking into this movie with no background of any Xmen movies but still getting the emotional impact of the plot and characters is pretty difficult to pull off but James Mangold did it. The third act tried to make us root for the children but in reality we were still sobbing for Logan and Charles..haha.	4
Easily the best superhero film to have been made since the dark Knight. I personally like it slightly better than the dark Knight. This movie is everything I ever wanted In a marvel comic book film. This is also close to the standard of one of the best action movies ever	4
Pretty disappointed. Story line lacked and just to much blood. Language was overboard as well. Not my favorite.	3
One of the better X-Men movies, almost as good as "Days of Future Past;" "Logan" packs a wallop of emotions thanks to Hugh Jackman's final performance as the Wolverine. Patrick Stewart and newcomer, Dafnee Keen, also delivered fine performances as well, with the latter being more impressive since she's only a kid. Though I wished the villains were more fleshed out and developed, but I believed the filmmakers wanted to focus more on Wolverine's redemption rather than a story about good vs evil, which it's enough justify the negatives. The new atmosphere and colors are a nice welcome to the X-Men universe, which makes the film much more Western than the usual superhero feel. The action scenes were definitely more brutal and impactful than the other installments since all them has something at stakes. The score wasn't memorable, but at least it gives certain scenes some depths. All in all, this is a great finale for the Wolverine character who gone through a lot in his life, but thankfully his life ended on a peaceful note. Thank you, Hugh Jackman, for all that you gave for the character. No one will ever replace you.	4
Incredible performances, exiting action and drama, and enough tears to feed a village of starving people. Logan is fantastic , and Jackman better get an Oscar nomination for it.	5
For being the last movie with Hugh Jackman I am some what disappointedstill I think it could of been better	3
Blood and gore what X men needed!! Big fan of X men and even bigger fan of Wolverine. Not happy that it ended but I guess it had to. Kinda a slow movie, I thought was a little over rated. I guess that's the end of X Men and Wolverine.	3
Dark, violent, with a thought provoking story, and great performances, Logan is movie that succeeds as a comic book movie, but is better as a film.	4
Logan tells the story of Wolverine, or Logan I guess (I must confess I've never seen any of the other X-Men movies), in the near, dystopian future of 2029. He is played by Hugh Jackman, and is now an old, disgruntled, alcoholic. He spends his days caring for Professor Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart) in an abandoned smelting plant on the Mexican boarder, along with Caliban (Stephen Merchant), who, like the rest of these characters, is a mutant, someone who possesses superhuman abilities.One day, a Mexican woman comes to Logan for help, asking him to escort an 11-year-old girl, Laura (Dafne Keene), to a sort of mutant safe haven, Eden, in North Dakota. Logan is very reluctant of course, but with some coaxing from Professor X and some other external threats, he grudgingly agrees. From there, it develops into a cross-country road trip film, and all of the actors deliver terrific performances. What I cannot give enough praise to is the film's tone. It is set from the very first scene in the film, and is bleak and encompassing. The film also has somewhat of a Western feel, complete with gorgeous visuals, which I really liked too. The combination of tone and visuals create a visceral that will not soon be forgotten; they are etched into the geography of my imagination like the South from The Color Purple.The movie is well-paced, building climatically to its ending where Logan, who is very clearly dying throughout this film, must give it all to save the kids. The film is mercilessly bleak and depressing so that we may truly feel happy and excited when Logan comes to the rescue to save the kids in a scene that's all the more upbeat as the result of it's grand, encompassing shots of the natural wonders of North Dakota. There is something that I do take issue with, though. And it's too bad, because this is really a four-star movie that I must knock a star from on account of this problem. It's the relationship between Laura and Logan. They hate each other basically the entire film. He doesn't want to have to take care of a little kid, and borders on being physically abusive towards her, and she clearly resents him for that. But then we get a very emotional ending that ends up coming off as cheesy because the movie refuses to develop their relationships. It never even hints at the idea that these characters could have any feelings but contempt towards each other, and presents an emotional ending without ever having earned it. I have tried to get past this problem, but I can't. This is not simply a critical nitpick; this is something that truly held the film back from all that it could be. I realized watching the ending that I was curiously unemotional, and then trying to determine why I realized it was a direct result of their character development. Obviously developing them too quickly would be corny and unbelievable, but as a result of not even having a subtle relationship, the scene that attempted to be poignant and moving came off as being just as corny and unbelievable. I can praise its bleak, encompassing tone, gorgeous visuals, and Western feel, but the character development doesn't work for me, unfortunately. If they could have made it work, if they could have made it for genuine and believable, and additionally pushed their poignant ending even further, this would have been a great movie. However, they do not, and I can't help but think it as a missed opportunity. Ultimately, though, I enjoyed the film. The tone was mercilessly dark, bleak, and dystopian, and that alone had enough power to draw the audience in. Like I said, all of the characters were well fleshed-out and well acted, even if the relationship between Logan and Laura didn't pay off the way it should have for me. This is still a very good comic book movie.--Rating: 3/4	4
My rating is based on the fact that I've never seen any of the other Wolverine movies. The ending did make me tear up and the movie was generally well done, but I'm not an action movie person. (My boyfriend made me watch it).	3
This is a great film about mortality and what it means to just want to give up and die. This film is inspired by The Wrestler and Unforgiven, and I instantly felt it. The Noir version gives the film a whole new life and it is just as enjoyable.	5
Damn that was a good movie.	5
A serious, intense, depressing film that hooks you in from start to finish. This was a great movie. I would highly recommend it!	4
grissly gore. weak plot. pulls at heart strings, but artificially so	1
would like to have more of a backstory on a few characters but minus Stan Lee's stamp it was still good.	3
lagrimas emoción y adrenalina ...!!!!!	5
While Logan seems to be universally loved by most, this adaptation of the Old Man Logan story from the comics falls a little flat for me. While Logan is no stranger to violence it seems to me what people are mostly lauding is just that, violence, however I think the story of this film while appropriate, as it is Jackman's last turn as hard-nosed mutant, signaling the end of era, the lack f depth with the characters around Wolverine is what I think is missing. While we all know and love Jackman's Logan and Patrick Stewart's Professor Xavier, we find out and therefore care very little for the child dubbed X-23. While I will stand with most, applauding finally getting the Wolverine film where he can be all he can be, I think this film could have been oh so much more if a little more care had been taking introducing us to the character Wolverine gives up so much to protect. Ultimately it's just too little, too late.	3
Easiest 5/5 I've ever given. The best movie I've ever seen and a great way to say farewell to Hugh Jackman as Wolverine. He will be missedThe film is packed with lots of action, and blood	5
A grossly violent but ultimately boring film. A waste of time really.	1
Unwavering in its bleak brutality, Logan is a somber but elegant send off for Wolverine who has been changing the game of superheroes since 2000. This is his best outing and thankfully according to the ending, ensures no further films with Wolverine are necessary. It is finite and surprisingly emotional. The violence occasionally borders on mind numbing, but the film wants the audience to work for the ending and when it comes, it's sad, yet hopeful. Hugh Jackman puts his all into his final performance as Wolverine and is put through the emotional wringer. If any superhero movie deserves an acting nomination, it's Jackman. Logan is draining, but rewarding and powerful storytelling. One of the better comic films of late. Rating: 83	4
Grant movie this is exactly how we wanted to see Wolverine make his final stand	5
Blood, guts, and tears. There should be Oscars waiting for this film!	5
kind of dark for x-men	3
Logan isn't a superhero movie. If you want to watch a movie with simple superhero/supervillain relations, watch The Avengers. This movie isn't that simple. The movie wasn't titled 'Logan' to make it sound cool. This movie is about the man, not the hero. This is The Wolverine stripped down to his most vulnerable form, and I mean that in both the physical and literal sense.Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart both had stellar performances in this film. It was quite a change to see their respective characters become who they were, but their performances shifted the same. I believe this is one particular movie that shows how versatile those two actors are. Plus, Logan introduced brand new life into the studio. Dafne Keen, who played X-23 in the film, is the most brilliant actress I have seen in a long time. I have high hopes for her in the future.I could rave on and on about the cast, but there was something very poignant about how it was written. There were certain lines in the film that were created to have a sort of impact on the viewer, and it works. The character development and the development of the relationships between the characters are both written so carefully. By the end, it's hard not to love every single one of them.I would recommend this film for everyone, superhero fan or not. That is, unless you have a weak heart. This one's a tearjerker.	4
Great movie! Much darker version of Xmen. More of drama than an action flick. I am not a big drama movie fan but this one had a good story, good acting, and good cinematography all the way through.	4
Oh my Wolverine... â?¤	4
He delivered like he always does. The children in the movie were amazing.	5
Logan pulls no punch, violently great and being poetic, ending Hugh Jackman nearly two decades of the iconic X-Men character with a huge bang. It's not the best X-Men film but definitely the best in X-Men franchise, brilliantly tune down the superhero aspect to its minimum. It's a complete breath of fresh air, focusing on aging with arthritis. Logan is an amazing character polarisation from a man with nothing to lose, continues to lose, fatherhood facing unexpected circumstances and politic issues regarding refugees.It has flaws at the beginning and generic mad scientist villain in second half of the film but its flaw can be overlooked by their risk of not being a superhero film. It's an western somehow feature a man with a adamantium claws and skeleton, a homage to an old legend samurai fighter wonder in the wilderness that happen to be an alzheimer man on a wheelchair and telepathic ability and intimate daugther-father drama that feature a girl that can decapitate a man head with her pointy claws from her fist and feet. A compelling film that works as standalone about growing old as a continuation of a blockbuster X-Men franchise. It's a well balanced film with subtle character tension and high octane violent action, painting a portrait of a man hunted by his past trying to be good in a world that won't let him.	4
Who is rating this movies it's not as good as i thought is was going to be. Wolverine's fight seens are nothing new that you haven't seen already.A one time watch movie	3
I loved most of the xman movies and I really like Patrick Stuart but man this movie was bad. It was slow, I totally don't understand how they even got in this predicament, the plot was ultra boring. The acting was fine, it's just everything else that didn't make for a good movie.	1
Not the ending I was hoping for... but by this point with all the time traveling I don't know what's going on with the xmen.	3
All Marvel movies should be rated R. This movie was excellent from start to finish.	4
Wow. Now, this is how you make a serious superhero movie for grown-ups. It's hard to compare it to any other X-Men films because the tone is just so different, but it's an incredible movie regardless. Jackman could play Logan in his sleep by now, but it's nice to see he isn't - he works harder in this than in any of his past appearences as Weapon X, and it pays off. Sir Pat is also given a bigger challenge, and of course rises to it fantastically. Holbrook, Merchant and Grant are also solid. But Dafne Keen steals the movie - she's absolutely brilliant. The tone, look and themes are obviously influenced by old Westerns (nice!), but the movie also draws on the style of '70s action movies, which I love. Mangold has done a superb job, with help from writers Scott Frank (whoo!) and Michael Green, and DP John Mathieson. Makes all the other X-men flicks (even the great ones, and especially the other Wolverines) look a bit silly, really. Hugh goes out with a bang.	5
Very Very sad movie. Extremely dreadful. I wish I have never seen it. The worst X-men movie ever made. There is not one moment that uplifting. Very long and boring. I am not sure what way people are giving good reviews for this movie. If you love x-men do yourself a favor and don't watch this movie. Otherwise you will be feeling really bad.	1
Thank You Hugh Jackman. This is the movie we've been waiting for. Not perfect, but pretty dang close	5
A thrilling conclusion to a lengthy series of films, Logan manages to combine great visual direction with a fitting soundtrack to a moving and emotionally heavy narrative that encompasses what makes these characters great. The main cast carry this movie brilliantly by delivering spectacular performances. The movie will tug at your heartstrings and keep your eyes glued to the screen. The worst parts of this movie involve an antagonist that doesn't live up to it's potential and the film tends to go on 10 minutes too long.	4
Not a fan of the writing. What a silly story with horrific plot outcomes. The decisions that the main characters make often seem below them, figuratively speaking. I felt there were no surprises while watching; the things that happen all seemed very foreshadowed (or expected), and therefor, boring. I was disappointed to see no character growth in the script of Logan's character. It's a geriatric soliloquy, that brings a sad end to some interesting characters. visually, it was good. And the action was quite amazing. Just didn't like it.	2
Logan proves to be one of the most human superhero movies through its focus on characters and emotional development, which makes the action sequences that much more thrilling. A weak villain doesn't hold the film back too much since it is almost always focused on the heroes.	4
Decent performances from Stewart (natch) and Jackman, but otherwise, I'm not the audience for this film	3
Clearly Logan deserves an 18A rating because seeing him go full rage along with the girl is a beautiful site to see 20th century fox has finally pulled offa good wolverine movie!	5
Awesome movie,Very hard on emotion,it can make anyone cry.Different superhero movie and the one of the best movie I have ever seen.action, emotion.Looks like Hugh Jackman put everything emotion,facial expressions,action everything he got.	5
Out of the entire Wolverine trilogy, this one really takes the cake and gives Old Man Logan a perfect send off from the entire franchise.	4
Finally there a movie can vs the classic movie from DC The Dark Knight with Heath Ledger as Joker!	5
My adult son and I went to the theater to see this and we both agree it was just not a very entertaining movie in the vein of the X-Men. There were no real winners, it was depressing and there was no purpose for all of the violence and destruction that takes place. One scene could have been taken straight out of the original Mad Max movie and many other scenes reminiscent of other movie scenes. It was not in the least bit fun in the way other X-Men movies are.	1
Here's the thing, when I saw the first trailer of Logan, it felt like a wester. I hated the trailer and was surprised it was an X men movie. Well, I was wrong. I loved this movie, and to be honest I don't like any other new xmen movies, so this one was quite a refresh. It is very emotional, and unfortunately I was spoiled a bit but still I enjoyed it. There are few spoilers if you haven't seen it, so be careful.Movie slows down a bit, but it was ok, movie is 2 hours!	5
Not what I expected. Never explains what we all want to know. Why is Logan dying?	3
The movie wasn't bad, but the reason why the critics loved it is why I hated it. I go to see a super hero movie for the action and the special effects. A good story is definitely a plus, but this story I really didn't like.	2
It's been seventeen years since Hugh Jackman picked up the career-defining role of Marvel's Wolverine. "Logan" is Jackman's tenth movie as the iconic side-burned mutant, and will end his legacy. The catch: despite being the first truly gritty, R-Rated X-Men movie, "Logan" offers a story so compelling and brutally real, you might forget it's a super hero film at all.Altogether, "Logan" rides the line between comically violent and somber in a moving conclusion to this era of the X-Men while also providing a touching and satisfying send-off to Hugh Jackman's Wolverine.	4
I liked it. Excessive violence. Not my favorite MARVEL movie.	3
The movie is good for what it is: an orgy of impaling and decapitation by a hairy old guy and a little girl. The story line is good. The non-stop graphic violence is disturbing.	2
A great cap for the wolverine himself. Story was amazing and goodness the filming was flawless!	5
Merging the superhero genre with the western genre, and excelling in it, along with an outstanding performance of the actors, as touching as it should be.	5
Really, really good. Not the best wolverine movie though. It was more a build-up film for the new character. Still a great movie but if you're looking for wolverine action you largely won't get it. Look more for plot and origins information.	4
The Best Wolverine Film Ever!Originally Written March 3, 2017--In the near future, a weary Logan (Hugh Jackman) cares for an ailing Professor X (Patrick Stewart) at a remote outpost on the Mexican border. His plan to hide from the outside world gets upended when he meets a young mutant (Dafne Keen) who is very much like him. Logan must now protect the girl and battle the dark forces that want to capture her.It's hard to believe that Hugh Jackman has been playing the Wolverine for 17 years. In some ways, it does seem like it's been that long, but in others, it just doesn't. But hands down, this is the best of the solo Wolverine films. It even gives the X-Men films a run for their money. By striking a much more somber and grisly tone, this character study into what makes someone a hero is equal parts humorous, devastating, brutal, and yet ultimately satisfying. If this truly is to be Jackman's last performance as the iconic X-Man, it certainly is an incredible way to go out. Two thumbs up!	5
Logan is a rare kind of film, that manages to properly send off an actor/character, while also managing to make a wonderfully compelling and gripping story. Emotionally moving and thought provoking, Logan is the best of the entire X-Men franchise.	5
Logan did something phenomenal, and that's shift the superhero dynamics completely into this gritty, earthly story with balanced emphasis on both characters and gut-wrenching, wow-worthy action. Hugh Jackman pretty much disappears into the role of Wolverine...I mean Logan...and Patrick Stewart is a very relatable type of fragile as a weakened, aged Charles Xavier. The action is bloody, and it does match the superpowers that the characters in here have. There are some strong moments of levity in this film, and the villains are certainly interesting. The script for the most part is solid enough, yet is enhanced by the charisma that both Stewart and Jackman bring to their roles. It's a gorgeously shot movie, and cinematography here helps convey a lot of emotion when words aren't needed, even though those words eventually get said, and in clunky fashion. There are some awkward exposition/dialogue scenes, and the ending sequence lost a little bit of the impact I felt it was supposed to have because some of the acting in those scenes surprisingly jarred me out of the moment in a bad way.But listen, Logan is a great movie. It's outstanding. It's right up there with Deadpool as a mature superhero film that today's adults want. Even though I didn't get the feels like I thought I would, I'd still recommend that you bring tissues. Logan is certainly Ownable. Go see it in theatres!!!	4
This was very good. I love the little girl, she was terrific. I love how the movie confused audiences that there is a clone of Logan. And also love the the clever to put the adress is the comic. But the only thing that bugs me is that why don't they just leave some of the deleted scenes. If they leave some of the deleted scenes in the movie, I will give this movie 5 stars.	4
Has some great moments but Patrick Stewart is emoting too much for my taste. Also missing some basic logic, but the end shot is an emotional punch in the stomach that almost made it worth seeing it twice.	2
Man, this film was fantastic. It wasn't just an amazing Super Hero film, it was an amazing film. This film is definitely in my top 10 of 2017. Logan follows Wolverine who is not healing and is driving a limo to earn cash. He stumbles apon a mutant named Laura when he is called by a woman to drive them to a long distance. She has a mutant girl and wants to bring her to the "Eden" for mutants. Once the woman is killed by the people searching for Laura, Logan and Charles Xavier takes it into their own hands to bring Laura to this Eden. This film was all round fantastic. The cast was excellent. Hugh Jackman was amazing as Logan, he put in the extra effort for the last film of his character. Patrick Stewart was did excellent as Xavier, the aging mutant who has developed Dementia and is having freak seizures. Dafne Keen was excellent as Laura, the mutant in search of Eden. The whole cast was excellent. The Score fit the film super well, it was perfect for the film. The film had some great cinematography. The writing and directing was excellent, props to James Mangold. He knew how to make the audience feel when they should and laugh when they should. The film was a touching tearjerker while being an action packed road trip. The ending made me feel the most (I'll explain in my spoiler talk section). This film is overall the best X-Men film made, in my opinion the best comic book film. Everyone Definitely check this one out!Rating: 9.3/10	4
Why would I want to watch a movie about how everyone matter what we all are just going to die and suffer.	2
The best x men film and always will be cannot best this wonder woman nearly did it but failed	5
I'm a Hugh Jackman fan, but for me this movie was just horrible. If you want to see your favorite X-Men characters debilitated and worse, then watch this. Or maybe you just want closure on the whole X-Men story. Not my cup of tea. It was exactly like watching Old Yeller.	1
A remarkably deep and gritty superhero outing, Logan gives us it's title character like never before, while also providing brutal, intense, and at times moving film that stands next to The Dark Knight in it's staggering achievements for the genre.	4
So much better than I expected. It's barely an X-Men movie, its so much better.	5
this played out more as an action drama and it worked wonderfully. very interesting to see the dark side in a "xmen" movie.	4
Logan is brutal and grim, but this film feels appropriate for the character's final chapter. Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart both do an amazing job playing the mutants we know and love in their twilight years, and newcomer Dafne Keen is quite impressive as X-23. This isn't just a good superhero movie, it's a well-made drama.	4
una excelente película ,la mejor película de wolverine	5
Amazing.... what a great way to end a franchise...this is what fans and movie goers wanted; an R rated wolverine movie	5
How can Hugh Jackman quit after cashing in on this film?	4
Best movie of all time. nuff said	5
Great movie. Directing and writing was spot on. Hugh Jackman was great.	4
After watching this movie i became huge fan of Hugh Jackman	1
la mejor pelicula que pudo aber existido	5
Logan certainly knows what it wants to be-- dark and true as can be without compromising the fact it's an X-Men film. It's too bad we may never see Hugh Jackman with his claws on again.. thanks for the memories.	4
Does for Wolverine what "The Dark Knight" did for Batman. Enough said; just see it.	5
Get ready to pull out your tissues, as you are taken through the most emotional Marvel movie ever made. Logan, unlike its universes previous instalments focuses purely on character. The only time in which this was done as affectively in this cinematic universe was X-Men First Class. However, Logan trumps this in every form.Logan is set in 2029, In the distant future. Logan (Hugh Jackman) is coping with the evolved world around him. Accompanied with him is Charles (Patrick Stewart) struggling with Alzheimer's. Together they try and survive in an era where Mutants are all but extinct, due to a virus.Along the way Logan meets a young girl called Laura who is a subject of the Weapon X programme. Laura is being hunted by humans in which want to harness Mutants to create soldiers to fight for the human race. Logan, Charles and Laura go on the road, constantly trying to outrun the human threat.Overtime, Logan has become weak and broken over the ademantium poisoning his body. Losing his healing ability, this movie has a gritty tone in which has never been shown throughout the Marvel universe. For the R rating, this movie contains strong language, gore, and drug use. So this isn't a movie to show to your children who are fans of the X-Men franchise.This movie focuses purely on character development and phycological drama. Unlike the other instalments in this franchise, Logan doesn't focus on a world-wide threat, but rather on how the character's situation and how it is a massive threat for them. In truth, nothing bad happens to the real world in this movie. However, Logan is emotional, action pact, fantastically acted and closes the Wolverine ark in the most tense and satisfying way for a brilliant Marvel superhero. Logan is a must see for Wolverine fans.	5
Hugh Jackman Does A Great Final Role For The Wolverine In This 3rd X-Men Spinoff.	5
Logan is a gem to x-men movies and it will stay in history of cinema for its diversity and guts. Hugh Jackman is back to the role that defined him better than ever and Patrick Steward is once again excellent as Charles Xavier. He is just like Logan, tired and old but we can see even at these times that he still hopes for a better future for new generation of mutants. Dafne Keen as Laura - X23 gives her all and I'm very thrilles to see what's next for her character.I think everyone will enjoy it even if you are a fan or not but as for the fans they will scream from pleasure!9/10	4
Pretty good, and yes very violent!	4
Best X-Men movie to date..other than X-Men Days of Future Past.	5
Logan's aggressively bloody graphic violence, angry tone, clearly ear-popping gun shots and obsession with killing by sharp knives makes this a superior cinematic experience that I thoroughly enjoyed given how this movie came out in the notorious beginning of the Trump presidency (a cruel, greedy fat pig's presidency that is) and this reflects how much I want to kill Trump very hard into an insanely bloody death like Logan does. In addition, Laura proves that not all girls in comic book movies have to be damsels in need of rescue without their own powers like Lois Lane or Betty Ross.	5
Logan's death made me cry	5
1 was the best. 2 was the worst. This was ok.	2
La perfección ahora tiene nombre. Me compadecería del que no haya visto esta película en el cine. Una joya que pasará a la historia.	5
not what I expected of an x-men movie. but they had to make a movie to retire Prof. X & his original band of mutant friends.	2
The film itself relays on the gory and gritty effects while the plot is somewhat muddled the performances and action sequences truly give the story a much needed post to perform at a great level in which the film is fresh.	4
Logan proves to be one of the most human superhero movies through its focus on characters and emotional development, which makes the action sequences that much more thrilling. A weak villain doesn't hold the film back too much since it is almost always focused on the heroes.	4
If you like unimaginative and gratuitous violence like the brutal slashing of innocent children this Flick is for you. This overrated schmaltz and heartless drama is everything that is wrong with the genre.	2
Incredible a must see	5
This was an awesome take on a super hero movie. It gave me a break from the run of the mill super hero films.	4
Best film this year. Period.	5
Not sure why they made this. Not sure why they made it as gruesome as they did. The plot spiral was unnecessary and the entrainment value was nil.	1
Best X-men movie ever!!!	5
If Marvel wins an oscar this is there avatar	5
This as a PG-13 (12a, uk) would have been another massive mistake. Good to see Disney, Marvel, and Sony are starting to see that just because it's a comic book character doesn't mean it's for children.	3
Best wolverine movie. The movie was great. Nice visual and tone. The movie is hard on the feelings, but that is plus. This movie shows how superhero movie can be great and thoughtful.	5
A powerful sendoff to Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart as Logan and Charles, "Logan" delivers everything you want from a film like this. From Dafne Keen's Laura (X-23), Boyd Holbrook's enjoyable villain, and emotional and thoughtful substance in an already amazing superhero action film. If it weren't for a few things that don't add up, and the film's two main villains, "Logan" would be damn near perfect.	4
Another great gripping movie. Well done and the best of the Wolverine movies by far and one of the better X-men movies.	4
I thought it was good! Definitely action packed & lots of killing! Not for the faint of heart. Especially for me (spoiler alert).. when the nice family who offers a meal of thanks to Logan Charles & Laura get wacked ugh! Villian played by Boyd Holbrook was easy on the eyes & a bad guy you love to hate ? the little girl Laura was interesting to watch progress. I cried at the end!	4
Good movie; excellent closure to the Wolverine saga.	4
Was expecting a great movie. This was more a drama about an alcoholic than a Superhero called Wolverine. They tried to be dark and gruesome. A lot of violence, gory killing.Superheroes is all about watching it with your kids, not this one.	2
This is basically a chase movie. Very minimal actual story. Bad guys try to capture their escaped mutant while escaped mutant tries to get to Canada. Violence and mayhem aplenty. Always love Patrick Stewart in anything but he was pretty frozen here. I don't think that the writers had to make him so debilitated, but they let him save the day at least once. I fast-forwarded through most of the fight scenes, suspecting (coprrectly) how things would turn out.	2
Another wonderful movie by Marvel Comics. I hated to see Patrick Stewart and Hugh Jackman die in this movie, but it was still a very good movie.	5
Ni Film jujur menurut ane biasa , plotnya simple tapi harusnya bisa lebih greget. Cuma ... ketolong sama 1, 2 twist yang pastinya ditunggu2 fanatik komik marvel. Jackman emang oke banget, action juga mantep deh potong sana potong sini, cuma ... ya aneh aja gitu rating bisa 90 an.	3
Really good movie, with otherwise a really underdeveloped antagonist.	3
Post apocalyptic garbage.	1
Stupendous, bleak, and just what the franchise ordered.	4
I don't like tears but this one really makes me sad and feel weak	4
I thought this was a good movie, but certainly not a great X Men movie. It had action, but the story didn't draw me in as much as I hoped it would.	3
Absolutely spectacular. Gut wrenching and visceral...the Wolverine we always wanted. Jackman and Stewart deserve Best Actor and Supporting Actor hands down.	5
#1 comic book movie of all time.	4
this movie was so great I had to purchase it on site!!!	5
Hate to see the last of Logan. Surely he's everyone's favourite X-men character.	5
End of an era for Wolverine and managed to feel like Unforgiven. Hugh Jackman's best performance in the role, easily.	4
Well, it took nearly 10 years. But finally, a film surpassed The Dark Knight as my favorite comic book movie.  Similar to The Dark Knight, Logan aims to be a much more mature comic book movie. Not just because of how graphic it's violence is (though yeah, this movie is definitely a hard R rated movie), or how strong the language is (Wolverine's always had a bit of a potty mouth. But he, along with Xavier drop F-bombs constantly). Tough both of these aspects do add to the tone and feel of the film, that it's not for kids, that it's gritty and violent, and that Wolverine and Professor X are now both bitter old men after everything they've been through. Wolverine in particular feels he has nothing left to live for other then taking care of Xavier.  But the film focuses a lot on character, a lot of people are comparing this movie to a western, and I certainly see it. Wolverine in this movie is very much the bitter old hero, way past his prime, who's lost his way, and, albeit reluctantly, on one last ride.  Which wouldn't be near as compelling without the performances of Hugh Jackman, Sir Patrick Stewart,and new comer Dafne Keen. I've said a couple of times, but it's the truth. Hugh Jackman deserves an Oscar nomination for this film.  Also a bit of a spoiler here. So don't read if you haven't seen it. But Wolverine's evil clone, X-24. Why I think he works. More then just the typical evil clone/inner demon angle. But in his fights with X-24, Wolverine is fighting his own mortality. He's past his prime, he doesn't heal as well as he use to, he's slowly dying (As a result of his old age, Wolverine's healing factor is starting to decline, and as a result, the adamantium inside of his body is causing him to feel the effects of metal poisoning, as a result, Wolverine is slowly dying) Fighting someone, who is literally himself at his peek, in his current condition. I cannot think of a more fitting way, for a man to struggle with the fact he's slowly dying.  It's also pretty family focused. Wolverine's only reason for living at this point, it to take care of Xavier, who's something of a father figure to him (Even though Wolverine actually is more then twice Xavier's age. Least actual age, not mentally or physically), and throughout the film, meeting his own daughter.	5
The Best Wolverine Film there is. Hugh Jackman did an astounding job, so did Patrick Stewart and newcomer Dafne Keen. 5/5 stars (if possible would rate 100/100 stars)	5
Great film. My favorite movie ever.	5
One of the best super heroe movie ever. There are many incredible action/violence scenes and an incredible history.	5
I give this a 99/A+.	5
Awesome movie, lots of blood, sad Logan died	4
This is how all the X-Men should have been. Non-Stop brutal action. See this one without the kiddos.	5
great action great ending	5
Wolverine as he should be.	5
A damn fine movie for adults. The opening act is somewhat lacking and it fails to do anything original but it is well acted and the fight scenes with X23 are among the best in any comic-book movie.	3
The best movie of all the X-Men movies by far!It was kinda surprising and funny to see someone who you least expect to see swearing so much like this in the film haha	5
Bloody fun... albeit sometimes boring to a fault. I think Logan serves only to a powerhouse performance for Jackman and Stewart. The story is very simple (and very used) and the action scenes are quite nice. Put some drama to it.. and there is Logan. Best Wolverine movie.. but not the best X Men one.. althought set in a diferente timeline.	3
very different from the other series of movies.	3
A marvelous film, pun intended. Never has there been such depths explored in a comic character, and the heartbeats we feel throughout this film stick with us long after the experience. The team truly embraced the "R" rating, making this cinematic adventure all the more raw, compelling, and unique. For those of us who grew up with Hugh Jackman in the role of this iconic character, the movie evokes a rich sentimentality. Despite the disillusioned, drunk, detached version of Logan we find here, he is always our wild hero.	4
Wolverine drags his heels and drags his heals. Action scenes happen. Professor X says "fuck".	2
I guess you have to watch it if you have seen the other ones. I'm giving it 4 stars just because it's nostalgic and it's obvious that they tried.The story line has a few problems in my mind, but I guess that's subjective. I was less than impressed and it was the most depressing xmen movie I've ever seen. I don't thing it was terrible but I certainly wouldn't watch it again. To each his own I guess.	4
It was a very well done movie. However the swearing and blood were over the top.	4
Best Superhero movie, probably at the same level at the Dark Knight.	5
Way too depressing for a superhero movie.	2
I love this. I was kinda sad when he died.	5
Awesome one of the very best super hero movies.	5
awsome is all i can say	5
Aquele filme do Wolverine que os fãs estavam tanto esperando. O Longa traz um estilo único que se distancia das outras adaptações de personagens da Marvel Comics.	5
amazing movie, a week end somehow, but in the end a great and heartfelt end for Hugh Jackman's run as The Wolverine.	4
Logan's last act isn't as good as the first two, but that doesn't prevent it from ending Jackman's Wolverine in an excellent way. This is probably the best superhero movie because it's the only one you can say it's a real film.	5
great movie.. very violent and truthful what his blades can do. didn't care for the whole professor x being out of control. again a movie where humans creat their own death.	4
Great Movie, from the beginning to the end.	5
the last of logan is indeed the best of logan. so long HJ's wolverine T_T	5
Again torn whether to give this 4/5 or 4.5/5. If I am honest I was not looking forward to this, I had never been such a fan of Wolverine, but after this I really am, unsure whether I didn't look forward to it but I loved it. Jackman gave a fantastic performance and Keen was honestly phenomal, she gave one of the best child performances, easily up with Milly Bobby Brown from Stranger Things	4
Good cast, good music, amazing driving. Other than that not much to the movie.	1
Baby Driver sways and bebops his way through choreographed sets... But don't let that sunny charm fool you. Behind the shades, there's the onus of an inescapable and exasperating burden in tow. The tunes steadily go, and its all very well played.	4
75% of an amazing film. Edgar should realise that a film needs to finish strongly, getting better into the final 20 min. A film about an awesome driver might be better if it finished with, oh, i don't know, an awesome car chase. I don't think I've ever seen a film where I've loved the opening 30 min so much but hated the last 30 in an equally negative way.	3
Fantastic crime drama. Amazing cast with a performance by Jon Hamm you do not want to miss. Much like Ansel's character Baby, you feel the stress of barely keeping you head above water in a sea of criminal activity and double crossing criminals.	4
With all of the big budget car movies today, it seems like they're all the same. The same car chases, the same stories, the same cliches, etc. But Baby Driver's combination of musically-intertwined action, enigmatic characters, and a fresh, original story brings a new and inventive twist to your everyday car flick. This is one of the best, if not, THE best action movie of 2017.	5
Plays out like a rejected video game script. Driving scenes are cool. Nothing more.	2
Exciting movie with a great soundtrack throughout.	3
A thrilling ride from start to finish with a kick-ass soundtrack to boot! The first film since Tokyo Drift to have the real "driver" feel, many of the car scenes will leave you cheering on Baby. With only minor annoyances in a few scenes, Baby Driver is sure to become a cult classic. A must see film.	4
the best  movie of 2017	4
Baby is a young getaway driver coerced into working for a crime boss. Baby Driver is like The Fast and Furious, but with a groovy '80s soundtrack. Driven by an unrelenting forward momentum, the film goes for broke with jaw-dropping car chases and pulsating action.	4
If you like car chases and speeding vehicles, you'll love this movie.	3
Not the best, but one of the best movies ever made.	5
Everything about this film should be good, but it's not. Too long and not engaging.	1
I didn't think this was the greatest movie but I was entertained. I will watch again. Good action and good soundtrack.	3
Music awesome.. kinda tries to hard to be cool.. good entertainment..	4
baby driver is more great action gold from edgar	4
A feel good movie which is primarily targeted towards the younger folks though it will please viewers of different age. If you like driving cars, listening to music and great cinematic this movie will definitely keep you glued to your couch.	4
what I seen of it it was pretty cool I haven't seen a movie about driving like this since drive awesome movie	5
Good characters plenty of nonCGI action.	3
Awesome performances and great action sequences. Dialogue well thought in certain areas but clunky in some. Superb soundtrack is icing on the cake.	4
can not recommend, too fictitious, bad story line	1
Tries to make up for lack of content with snappy editing.	1
If you enjoy Grand Theft Auto....	4
Proper! Worth the watch!	4
So much potential such a lame ending	2
Very amazing, unlike any other movie I've seen	5
Entretenida, rapida, impredecible y con una buena historia.	4
Just a great, fun, enjoyable movie!	4
Edgar Wright's take on 70s action movies, it's fun and maybe a little too manipulative. Baby Driver is a great vehicle to get today's moviegoers to go back and visit the classic cinema that inspired this film.	3
Ending falls apart a bit but otherwise appreciate the writing and music (and car chases).	4
Solid character development backed by strong humor make for a great time. Yea, sure is a great time.	5
FINALLY a movie where Jaime Foxx isn't funny!!	5
A perfect film, conceived, edited, and acted. Fury Road meets Pulp Fiction.	5
When there is action going on in this movie it is well written and exciting. There is also a very powerful performance from Jamie Fox. Kevin Spacey is also very good. The rest of the film is actually annoying. The characters lack depth and a lot of the scenario's come across as unconvincing. Which makes the characters 2d and not believeable. In real life no one swings through the street humming songs to themself. Things like that are stupid and do no service to the movie. The main character himself has a lot of fake, cheesy moments and so does his girlfriend. It makes the movie unconvincing. Their romance is quite sweet but it is centred around annoying cheesy moments. Also the movie doesn't know what era it want's to be. It is set in the present but the stylisation is very early 80's which is confusing and a bit of a hotch potch.	3
Baby driver delivers an exciting, fast-going and action packed genre of its own. Yet i love how it introduces an excellent soundtrack that gets audience want to feel an attention of the way it goes, felt it was worth watching.	5
What a wild ride. Well done, fast paced and unbelievable but funny. And the line about Monsters Inc may be Spacey's best.	4
dynamic and dazzling. This is a movie for people who love filmmaking. Great performances and sharp visuals throughout	4
"Baby Driver" Movie Review (Spoiler Free) :)....I can honestly say that this film deserved a 93% rating in "Rotten Tomatoes"...The coolest thing about this movie is the soundtrack, every action scene there's always music playing, and the best part, it fits perfectly! .What I loved about the film is, it lets you watch it smoothly...I mean, you don't have to focus very hard at the story because the scenes lets you go with the flow as you witness the awesomeness of the movie..This film is also damn good looking! the camera shots are amazing...The sound mixing with the environment was breath taking!...I am not exaggerating here, I literally dropped my freaking jaw as I watched it through the ending action scene....This is probably the best movie that "Edgar Wright" ever directed...I loved his film directing styles since "Shaun of the Dead"...He is most likely to be in my Top 10 most favorite directors of all time..For That I Rate The Film A Perfect 10 out of 10! ????I re-watched the trailers of this film, and It was Nothing like the movie itself!	5
I really liked this movie. I like being able to feel the characters as more than just what a writer listed out as personality traits. I feel I got to know not only the main character Baby, but also the supporting side cast as well. I hate it when movies don't make logical sense in terms of why people did things but in this movie everything makes sense. I'm not nitpicking any of the characters choices no matter how dumb they are because it legitimately feels genuine. Reliability, plot and character interactions, check. Personally I really enjoyed how I found myself tense during scenes where there so much build up it feels like it'll explode. Certain plot twists and interactions that may or may not have resulted in an action scene really portray that if a situation is set up perfectly, it can create strong intense desire for the movie. I got invested into how the characters may get affected by what is unfolding on the screens. I'd say congrats to the writer who left out all the good parts of a movie, removing all the mundane and unimportant bits. Another things that was great was the interaction and romance between Baby and Debora. I personally really liked their interactions and I feel like this would've seemed forced had they chosen other actors. The chemistry is there and I was emotionally invested into their future together. Action, suspense, and romance. This movies got it all set up in a very enjoyable movie.	5
Overrated... I usually don't say that, but I simply cannot understand it's popularity. I'll admit it definitely has a strong start, but the rest was downhill for me. The characters were too unfocused for me to get invested into what happened to any of them. Especially Kevin Spacey's characters flip-flop nature. The romance for which I guess is supposed to motivate the leads actions in the latter part of the film was so rushed that it just felt absurd to me. I guess the movie had a few good chase scenes, but that was mostly it for me.	3
With his "Cornetto trilogy" and Scott Pilgrim vs The World, Edgar Wright has amassed a fervent following. He's a director that can seemingly do no wrong in many people's eyes but this enthusiasm is one that I've often questioned. I don't think that Wright has produced enough overall quality to be considered so highly in people's estimations. Stylistically, he's fantastic and there's always an energy and a plethora of good ideas on display but I've always struggled with how much mileage he tries to squeeze out of his material and how he brings his stories to a close. Baby Driver, as enjoyable as it is, suffers a similar fate.Plot: Crime boss, Doc (Kevin Spacey) is a meticulous planner of robberies but the one Ace in his pack is getaway driver, Baby (Ansel Elgort). Baby has a partial hearing impairment but when he's listening to music, there's nothing he can't do when maneuvering a vehicle. Baby doesn't want this life anymore, though. All he wants is to spend time with his new girlfriend, Deborah (Lily James) but when she comes under threat, Baby is forced back into working with Doc and a crew of unstable thugs in order to break free for good.There's a lot of impressive ratings and reviews flying around for Baby Driver and they seem to be coming from very reputable critics into the bargain. I would love to feel invited to the party but for as much as Baby Driver is exciting and hugely enjoyable it has issues that prevent me from agreeing with the majority of overly positive buzz surrounding it. For a start, the film begins so enthusiastically that the rest of the film never quite matches its early promise.Credit where it's due, though, Wright has crafted a very clever take on the heist film and plays things out with a blend of La La Land's musical numbers and the stylish and exciting getaway scenes from Drive. It would seem that there's certainly one thing Wright got wrong and that was his failure to cast Ryan Gosling. Throw his expertise into the mix and this could have achieved another half star. Jesting aside, if you don't put Baby in the corner and just let him do his thing, there's plenty to enjoy here. The eponymous Ansel Elgort is a more than able lead and he delivers a fine central performance where his reservation is complimented by his background in dancing. He's abley surrounded with an impressive and colourful collection of support as well; Jon Bernthal, Jon Hamm and Jamie Foxx trying to outdo each other in the menacing stakes is a lot of fun in itself and it's great to see them spearheaded by the reliable and infinitely watchable Kevin Spacey. There's no denying that it's a great cast but even they are overshadowed by the structure and panache of Wright's approach. It's his use of music that's the biggest draw and Wright skillfully blends an abundance of classic tracks that seemlessly fit the action onscreen - he even times Baby's movements to the beats of the particular song that plays at any given time. From this, it's obvious that he's done his homework on synchronising this whole thing together - with the occasional nod to the influence of Tarantino and how he incorporates music in his films.The thing is... apparently Wright had been mulling this project over for two decades. With that in mind, I'd have thought that within that time he would have been able to iron out some flaws in his screenplay. I feel as if I'm being unfair on the film as it's not my intention to overly criticise something that I found to be very lively and entertaining but I'm a bit taken aback that most critics seem to be glossing over the film's problems. These are most apparent in the denouement where Wright seems to run out of ideas. Shootouts become preposterous and his villains become caricatures while the motivation and behaviour of Spacey's character, in particular, changes so dramatically that you're left wondering if you've missed something. There's so denying that the film is a welcome breath of fresh air but it's not groundbreaking in any sense and, again, fuels the fire that Edgar Wright endeavours often have. It's a great idea and it's delivered with aplomb but on a basic basis it's nothing more than entertainment. This isn't a bad thing per se, but it's not revolutionary or likely to achieve any classic status.Despite succumbing to formula, Edgar Wright does a good job of providing the thrills. It's not perfect but I'd still goes as far to say that it's his most accomplished endeavour. It's snappy, it's fast paced and it has an abundance of style. These attributes alone make it worthwhile. Mark Walker	3
Beauty through simplicity.	5
Two stars is generous for this vapid piece of fluff. Zero plot or character development, with what little character background there is awkwardly shoehorned in with forced dialog in superfluous scenes. The "story" such as it is is tacked on with vague cartoonish flashbacks, quinten tarintino rip-off "jive talk". Cool driving scenes, and music which points to the soul/funk roots of hiphop is not enough to revive the cold dead fish that is this movie. 93%??? I deapair for a world that is this deaperate to eacape reality.	1
Stylish and cool with a soundtrack to match.	4
I loved it! Style and substance set to a great soundtrack. It's different. It's exciting and interesting. You can't help but cheer for Baby and Debora.	4
"Baby Driver" contrary to the over-hyped reviews I read is dreadfully boring. With a very shallow dialog and a poor predictable story the movie is a letdown for me. Yes it does have a lot of action but that is not enough to make it interesting.	1
The movie is decent. The acting is ok. The ending meh. Worth watching.	3
annoying piece of crap	1
It was a fun movie, quite entertaining but a tad over-rated. I loved the 'baby' character, he didn't feel pretentious or fake but the overall movie wasn't all that amazing. Good driving scenes though.	3
My favorite action movie to date. I love how the soundtrack is synced up throughout the film. The movie shows how a simple action movie with a simple plot and great editing can create an amazing experience.	5
One of the most original, fun, and creative action films that defies its genre and soars well above the usual fair. Memorable characters that are well defined and wonderfully acted. One of the best films I've seen so far this year.	4
the best film of the year so far had a solid story line and the action lived upto the reviews.	5
Better than i expected	5
This movie sucked ass , shitty ass ending. Bye	1
Worth a watch. Great movie-	4
pretty good movie. Goes by fast.	4
Falto trama. Buenas persecuciones	2
Probably the best movie of the year, Well, top 5.	5
better than expected	4
"With a lot of style, pure action and funny humor, I had a blast with this movie. "Baby Driver" is a great movie that loves cinema and it rushes through the finish line as the best film of the summer."Movie Review: Baby DriverDate Viewed: June 28 2017Written and Directed By Edgar Wright (Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, The World's End and Scott Pilgrim vs. The World)Starring: Ansel Elgort, Lily James, Kevin Spacey, Jon Hamm, Jamie Foxx, CJ Jones, Eiza González, Jon Bernthal, Lanny Joon, Sky Ferreira, Flea and Paul Williams.Imagine "Drive" and "Bullitt" if they were more hip, gulped up a Red Bull and had a mixtape of songs in their veins. "Baby Driver" is a hugely original triumph from writer and director Edgar Wright (Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, Scott Pilgrim vs. The World and The World's End). Wright cleverly takes parts from other genre movies and mixes them together to create an adrenaline-fueled thrill ride. The cast is all around terrific, the soundtrack hits on all cylinders and the smartly-written dialogue flows beautifully like the soundtrack."Baby Driver" is unlike any summer blockbuster we've seen before, it has a curious way of blending car-chase thriller elements with classic pop songs and comedic slapstick. This film is an enormous accomplishment from Edgar Wright and it may have a spot on my Best of the Year list. The plot revolves around a talented young getaway driver named Baby (Ansel Elgort), he's the best in the business according to his heist planner/crime kingpin boss named Doc (Kevin Spacey) and his getaway jobs are always clean because he has a sheer love for music. Everytime he does a job, Baby always puts his headphones on and listens to music. You might think that his love for music would be a disadvantage for Baby but despite having headphones on his ears, he still keeps a close eye on everybody around him.Baby's love for music started when he was a child, not only did he love his music, it also protected him from having to hear his parents fight and argue with each other. Tragically, Baby's mom and dad were killed in a horrific car accident which left him with no family and severe tinnitus. Baby was then taken under the care of his deaf black foster father named Joseph (CJ Jones) and he was then coerced into a getaway driver gig for Doc because he stole one of his cars. Baby is almost way through into paying Doc's debt, all he needs to do is complete one last job and he's home free.After pulling off his last robbery scheme, Baby decides to ditch his getaway driver gig and move on with his life which leads to him meeting the girl of his dreams. She's a young restaurant waitress named Debora (Lily James) and Doc sees her as a means for not finding a new getaway driver so that he can keep using Baby to pull off more heists. Eventually, Baby does have to face the music and do whatever means necessary to protect Debora at all costs. This premise may not sound original at all but the soundtrack populates with the dialogue so that we can be more engaged in what's going on.The action sequences in "Baby Driver" are just incredible, they contain some of the best I've ever seen and the stunt work is also amazing. The supporting cast also includes Jon Hamm, Eiza González, Jon Bernthal and Jamie Foxx as members of Doc's bank robbing crew. Each of the bank robbers has a different personality to themselves, Bernthal plays Griff, a robber who constantly mocks Baby for being mute most of the time, Hamm plays Buddy, a handsome tiger who likes to party hard, González plays Darling, Buddy's wife and partner-in-crime and Foxx plays an impulsive, nut job sociopath named Bats.Edgar Wright's turbo-charged masterwork speeds through thanks to it's killer soundtrack which contains songs such as "Bellbottoms" by The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, "Let's Go Away For Awhile" by The Beach Boys, "Easy" by The Commodores, "Debora" by T. Rex, "Tequila" by Button Down Brass, "Every Little Bit Hurts" by Brenda Holloway and "Never, Never Gonna Give Ya Up" by Barry White. I haven't forgotten about Ansel Elgort, his kinetic performance elevates the film without slumming it down. The love story between Baby and Debora is sweet and charming, Baby's endearing relationship with his music is surprisingly insightful and the comedic sight-gags are also terrific, the best bit involves Bats and his crew getting the wrong Michael Myers masks.With a lot of style, pure action and funny humor, I had a blast with this movie. "Baby Driver" is a great movie that loves cinema and it rushes through the finish line as the best film of the summer.	5
It's just hype, it's very bad.	1
Has a pulsating atmosphere created by the songs that baby hears, it's clever how the rhythm influences on everything on his life, like he was the music.Ansel Elgort starred so good in the role of the main character, always with that main escape theme that makes all of us get into the action.	5
Really enjoyable and unique but not absolutely stunning	3
Edgar Wright is movie genius!! His script writing and directing ability are top notch and it definitely shows in his work. I highly recommend this movie!!	4
Good Tunes, great ride !	4
Never before have I seen a film where sound was as important as image but also so well connected, and that is coming from a director who is notoriously meticulous in his visuals. It took me a while to really get in to the characters or the plots, but the fantastic execution kept me riveted happily as the story found it's feet. Baby Driver is almost unique in it's style, it's pace, it humour and it's sense of fun. The twists and turns are beautifully taken, numerous and by the end you'll just be wishing there was more. Great film.	4
Anyone who says this is a good movie was either paid off by the studio or is in on some huge joke. This is the worst movie I've seen in ...ummm ever. The dialogue is so laughable. I honestly didn't know whether to think it was a slapstick comedy or not.,if you read at a third grade level you might like it. If not, you'll find it either hilariously awful or just sad.	1
Usually heist films are clever and the plot is thick but this one is not. Just an action joyride for kids.	1
Amazing film! The story is incredible and the way the film brings music into the play is amazing. The chase scenes are incredible and the film as a whole is unbelievable	4
This is a shitty millennial version of Drive. My wife and I are baffled as to why this got such good ratings and want my money back from the rental. Main character plays an oblivious hipster, it was painful to watch, let alone imagining someone being it.	1
***SYNCOPATED REMIX OF CAR CHASE/GUNS/HEIST GENRE, INTERWOVEN WITH LOVE STORY***	3
Clearly inspired on Drive from 2011, this movie is a much lighter and funnier atmosphere though.	4
Really good and enjoyable movie. Enjoyed it all the way through. Loved the tone of the movie right from the beginning, reminded me of Guardians of the Galaxy. Good cast and characters. Unbelievable but fun action and chase scenes. Nice storyline.	4
Excellent screenplay, great soundtrack, and a really cool idea. I thought it looked stupid from the trailer, but I know better now.	4
Edgar Wright to Tarantino: Hold my beer. Yep. It?s a fun one. Don't think too hard and you will be dazzled. To say the soundtrack is epic is an understatement it's a whole character unto itself.	4
I do not generally like action movies. However, this movie was SO good and the soundtrack was exciting. The actors were all talented and Ansel Elgort's performance was surprisingly awesome.	4
Thrill ride from start to finish.	4
One of my favorites this year	4
Another great movie by Edgar Wright. The action is very well done, the characters were really unique, and the tone is just really nice. I love the use of the music and how it was edited to fit in some action scenes with the cuts and great camera works. Truly amazing. Even though the movie's amazing, I find the pacing just a bit too fast for me. It would've been a bit better if we get to see more scenes with Baby and his girlfriend or more development with the gang Baby works with. Overall, great action movie. Definitely worth the watch. Lots of fun!	4
I thought it was very original but the end of the movie dragged and just seemed like they didn?t know how to wrap the movie up in my opinion.	4
I'm very picky about films. Many of them are too long and haven't been well edited, and also frequently are too underchallenging intellectually or production-wise. This film was ASTOUNDING. The editing along with the soundtrack were perfectly synchronized and woven together like a fine silk tapestry. I'm seen this film 4 times already, and would see it again. The opening scene is fetching and engaging and totally reeled me in. "Bellbottoms" was an excellent choice for the opening scene. I'll add here that I've downloaded most of the songs from this film to my Spotify library. It has been written that someone in Rolling Stone wrote, this film uses music like we use air. Dead-on accurate. Much of the actors' actions just flow so smoothly along with music, it's like watching a finely choreographed Russian ballet. The scene in the laundromat, with the dryers spinning in the back, each containing one different colored fabric, Baby and Debra slightly spiraling to the beat due to the movement of the camera, and the sexual tension, sweet and enticing, building. Simply a total visual pleasure to watch and absorb through sight as well as sound. But my favorite scene is Baby bolting after the post office heist turned brutal. He races to Focus's Hocus Pocus, each step perfectly measured to every single beat of the song. Again, the editing of this film was superb. I'm a music aficionado, and this is one of my very favorite films, EVER. The only things I would correct, are that apparently no one wants to take the time to close the car doors when they exit the original getaway car and abscond in another one. Close the doors! LOL leaving the doors open is just going to draw the attention of the cops, and expedite identification of the robbers (I work in criminal law, so I pay attention to these things). In conclusion, this film WAYYYY exceeded my expectations, and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys seeing fine cinematic craft. This film is unquestionably a direct hit on that target.	5
Good. Different. Go see it.	4
Horrible. The Transporters movie but with a crapload more music. The. Worst.	1
While the acting was good and the car chases were exciting, Baby Driver was very bloody. I couldn't tell you how many were killed.	2
The opening scene where he's walking to get coffee in a way that's coreographed to the music and with lyrics popping up in the scenery make you think you're about to watch something truly original. However that soon gives way to what is essentially a pretty run of the mill story. A decent story. It's just not the thing of genius the reviews would have you believe.I have other problems with the movie. The main one being that Baby should have stayed morally pure and he doesn't. I really backed him as long as he was this innocent trapped in a life he wanted to escape. Someone who couldn't even look at the violence that his passengers were carrying out. The second he kills Jamie Foxx though, he becomes something else. And that's compounded by him shooting the other guy in the diner. Suddenly he becomes essentially one of them and much of the goodwill is lost. On that note, some of the violence is wanton and gratuitous. It was generally shot in a stylish way but there was no need for a couple of moments to be shown on screen. Overall, I'm okay with this movie. I didn't love it and probably won't ever watch it again, but it was okay.	3
What a awesome film and what a fun ride it was. Baby driver was really incredible and a fantastic car chase film with excellent directing by edger wright and really good action sequences and well done dialogue from the actors and you know what I love it and it was fun. Well done edger wright you made a very well done and well crafted film of all time. I FUCKING LOVE THIS FILM best crime film of 2017. I hope it goes for an Oscar .	5
Jeez I found this dull, I'm sure if you're a Top Gear wanker this will be right up your street but personally I like a little more from my films than literally 2hrs of just soundtrack and squealing tyres.	1
Wow. Adding this to my Top 5 of all time. Brilliant in every way!	5
started out great but the storyline somehow should be a little more amped	3
Eh.... if started so slow. If it weren't for the music I'd have been out altogether. Just wasn't impressed overall.	3
93% of viewers were either high or sleeping to give this movie a good rating. So much potential wasted.	2
Reviewed 7.2.17. For starters, I need to stop walking into highly rated movies expecting the latest modern classic. With all of the refried story lines and big-budget garbage out there nowadays, where have all the original movies gone? Oh well, it isn't the fault of Baby Driver that expectations are now set so low that a flick like this is raved about. And it does deserve some credit for at least attempting to tell a story in an original way. The usage of the film's soundtrack is its #1 strength. The movie is strife with forced character intimacy. You find yourself wondering.....why would she be immediately falling for him? Wait, why is that cold-hearted killer getting all sentimental now? Thankfully the eclectic and well curated soundtrack serves as the steady heartbeat of the movie. Without it pulsing along, the movie would fall falt. Admittedly, the first half of the movie does indeed possess great promise. It's flat out fun from the starting gun. Nothing deep, and that's fine by me....until the fun disappears halfway through. It clumsily attempts to change lanes from a joy ride to a hell ride. But the menacing and dark tone instead comes across as trite and gratuitously violent. Like watching Oceans 11 turn into The Departed. If only they'd kept the good times rolling...instead half a good movie gets half the stars.	2
Easily the worst major film I have ever seen. Ridiculous scene after ridiculous scene. If it had played itself off as more of a B film, we could laugh at the over-the-top unrealistic nature of every scene. but alas it somehow takes itself seriously. I'd go into details, but I'm still traumatized. Did the writers get drunk halfway through the script? Also, it's exactly the movie Drive. The opening scene is almost frame for frame the same. How has nobody pointed this out?	1
Super entertaining movie. Great chase sequences and keeps you on the edge of your seat.	4
Liked it, but it is trying to much to be stylish.	3
Fantastic film showing so much detail. Edgar Wright is a mastermind and i think this film precedes his other films.	5
Great car-chase scenes, great use of music to heighten the scenes. But I find the storyline too weak.	3
Pretentious is the first word that came to mind while watching this movie. Boring would be the second word. While many may see the soundtrack as a positive, I saw it as cover, meant to take your attention away from the lack of character development and story.The characters actions throughout were so unrealistic that they muted the impact of what were supposed to be 'real' moments.The plot made almost no sense, many scenes were unnecessary at best, and they failed to make me care about a single character - even though I was clearly supposed to because the weak writing and classic movie formula said so.In closing, someone thought car chases are cool and everyone loved the soundtrack of Guardians of the Galaxy - I have an idea for a movie! - and this is what you get.	2
For me, the best film of the year so far. One word, GENIUS (IT BEATEN OUT LOGAN)	5
Best movie, I have ever seen	5
Thanks to an ever committed cast (with Ansel Elgort and Lily James' chemistry standing out), thrilling action sequences, outstanding musical choices and a highly engaging feel that makes it almost impossible to look away, "Baby Driver" is pure entertainment, even if its last third feels a bit messy sometimes.	4
Best. Movie. Ever. AMAZING storyline and great character developments. Love the connections and little touch of mystery. At the edge of my seat the ENTIRE movie! Well Done. Plus, Miles (Baby) had such great acting in this movie. ????	5
This film started off superbly. Action, entertainment, humor, great characters. Then Jamie Foxx happened. This everything just degraded into a predictable action movie. What promised to be something original and amusing turned into something fairly trite and mundane, not to mention, over the top.	3
Excellent movie...and the soundtrack is Killer!!	4
BABY ð~?ð~?ð~?Amazing movie	5
Good stunt driving. Good movie	3
Incredibly strange finish	4
Wow, loved this! Unexpected enjoyment! Baby was great. lots of twists and turns!	5
Great soundtrack! Great special effects! Story is good but a bit of "seen this before" kind of deal. Overall, good movie.	4
Violent but great movie. Different approach.	4
This was a killer movie, and probably the first R-rated film I've seen which I've enjoyed. It is violent and intense with a good bit of bad language, but that doesn't detract from the overall enjoyment of it. I would very much recommend watching if you're old enough to be on Facebook.	5
complete and utter garbage	1
Not at all living up to the reviews.	2
I will watch this over and over and over again.	4
I love the creativity and ingenuity with the soundtrack! It is really what makes the movie great!	3
Drive into Edgar Wright's exhilarating Baby Driver!Edgar Wright back in style! Baby Driver is a highly stylized heist film that's like a cross between Drive and Heat. Wright actually managed to synchronize the edits and each frame to the rhythmic hits of the soundtrack on purpose. Wright sequencing is brilliant and leads to some of the most memorable moments of the movie.Baby Driver is a thrilling chase movie with a nice romance between the leads Ansel Elgort and Lilly James. Elgort has reached beyond his breakout role in the much beloved The Fault in Our Stars. Elgort displays a passion for acting, subtle cues and a great deal of empathy as Baby. I really enjoyed his performance. Lilly James plays the girl next door or the waitress of your dreams. She comes off as very sweet and sincere.The biggest surprise is that Jamie Foxx steals the show. His sly swagger and fearsome demented criminal persona is a character you will never forget. Kevin Spacey delivers his calm, sarcastic scheming leader with all his usual charms. Spacey is the consummate crime boss in Baby Driver. The other pleasant surprise was Jon Hamm's role. He starts out the kind criminal that sticks up for Baby and devolves into as engaging a villain as ever. Really subtle face acting that transforms into something more frightening. The cast is the real draw. I think most audiences will empathize with at least one of these crooks.Edgar Wright's humor is present as ever with witty comebacks and clever setups. Baby Driver is a smash success and I am happy the pounding soundtrack has delighted viewers everywhere and with good reason. Baby Driver is undoubtedly one of 2017's best films. Check out Baby Driver. You'll love it!	4
Ridiculously overrated.	2
best movie i have ever seen	5
This is Ansel Elgort's best movie yet! The acting in it is perfectly done. Also, you've got to love the chase scenes. They're as the ones in the Jason Bourne movies!	4
Amazing film, so engrossing from start to finish and a real breath of fresh air, an original plot rather than rehashing the same stories.	5
One of the best I've seen all year 10/10	5
This is one of the best movies I've seen in a while. The director has an amazing attention to detail and the action scenes were incredibly fluid and beautifully choreographed. In addition to the great driving scenes, the characters are fun and the plot was well executed. My boyfriend and I were literally at the edge of our seats for most of the movie.	5
If you love music, cars, and great actors - you'll love this movie! I did!!!	5
Stylish with substance.	4
A movie riddled with characters just begging you to be figured out , some corny stereo type personalities all professionals . Intellectual, charming, sarcastically and dramatically flavored comedy type action just gets you wondering what the characters gonna say and what they are gonna do next. Script was well thought out ! Definitely worth watching.	4
There is only little things that I liked in this movie. I love the editing, the fast cutting with context is what I really expect from Edgar Wright action movie. The soundtrack is really good and matches with the scene, and last, the two opening action scene has really pumped the expectation from the viewer. But that's is. Because they really trashed the potential character with some cheesy teen romance (bland protagonist and his girl) and melodrama that's not even success compelling the viewer, and worse, they used it for the main motive where the protagonist doing radical turn and even dirt his hand, where I think this factor makes this movie one of the worst Edgar Wright movies.There another problem too like pacing where it becomes slow in the middle, cliché element that overwhelms the movie, forced antagonist, and some questionable actions from the character like bats in the end of the movie that does not make sense at all. I expect something from Edgar Wright, and this movie is disappointment	2
Fresh and fun! Awesome cinematography and soundtrack.	5
"Baby. B-A-B-Y." !!!	4
Surprisingly very good as I wasn't expecting the top level of acting considering Jamie Foxx was in it. Car chases fantastic and twists in story line keeps you on your toes. Street shoot put reminded me of Heat and Reservoir Dogs. Lily James has a beautiful voice and the music was perfect as I haven't stopped playing the soundtrack since. Worth the watch!	4
One of the most unique, refreshing movies I've seen in quite some time. Fantastic.	5
How is this better than the mummy ,	1
Imagine 'Lala Land" as a heist movie. That's "Baby Driver." So much fun you want to watch it again.	4
Terrible movie! Very cliche and predictable. I simply don't understand how anyone would think this good.	1
I really like this movie, the way he drives the car is amazing and fight scenes are cool.	4
Hm.... well this was very fun movie. But I gotta say the ending was a bit dragged out and movie could have been 90 min, easily. HOWEVER, first 30-40 min are SO entertaining....very hard for such style of movies to have that kind of "drive" from get-go.Overall premise was OK, I could have clarified more about his "condition" of listening to music, because it felt like he was listening just when the plot wants him to listen.	4
very very very very very bad movie.	2
I loved this movie. It had everything I want to see in a movie like this awesome music, cool car chases, a really unique style. I thought I'd hate the romance but I loved it. My only complaint is I don't like the ending and the finally goes on for a little longer then it needed. But other than that this movies was great.	5
Lots of action but dumb premise that poor hearing supplemented with blasting music can make you a better driver.	3
Great movie all around	5
Baby Driver was absolutely amazing. It is stylistically stunning with a great story as well. I highly recommend this movie!!!! GO SEE IT!	4
'Baby Driver' is an absolute blast with it's excellent acting, chemistry & compelling story line, Simply enjoyable through every second and could warrant an instant re-watch.	5
The good characters were Mary Sue territory. The music theme got a little wearying. The best scenes were expended early on. The third act was a little generic. But it was entertaining and I had fun watching it. It did not spell out the meaning of life. Pretty cool.	3
A great film, however I felt as though Ansel Elgort did not fit in well with this role.	2
Fantastic soundtrack!!	4
Great movie would like to see a second movie from this one!	5
Promete pero termina siendo inconsistente con lo que en la primera parte intenta ofrecer al espectador...	2
One hell of a movie and cast. Over all great performance from all the actors and the driving scenes were superb!	4
Very good and awesome.	4
Although this movie is style over substance, it's rythm gets you going with the plot.	4
What Baby Driver fails to capture in its storytelling, it overcomes it with a style that is attributed to director Edgar Wright. The movie is a stunt/editing spectacular beginning to end, with the only real downside being a VERY implausible third act and romance that sort-of discredits the rest of the movie. Still, Baby Driver wins on the fact that it also thrives on being unpredictable.	3
This had an amazing soundtrack!! I loved this move!!!	5
This movie was really good , it was also different ! You never really see these types of movies ! It was really interesting to watch !	4
Baby, Ansel Elgort, delivers exactly what we need from his character. This movie is fun to watch and also provides a good plot to follow.	5
i thought this was a great movie esp old school music	3
I really don't feel like writing a review right now, but I just wanna say that I really loved this movie. It's really cool. I love the chemistry between the two young leads, also great ensemble cast. Good action. Very unique matching the music with the action. I just watched this for the second time the other night and I think I liked even more the second time!	5
If by 'stylish' you mean gay (as in the slang sense), then yeah, it sure is stylish. Couldn't figure out if it wanted to be a thriller or some cheeseball musical. The lead character was annoying as shit with all his self-conscious prancing and shit. How utterly unbelievable can you make a getaway driver? Popeye Doyle would've punched his twee looking ass in the grill.	3
Wow! Baby Driver was an awesome movie. It was super fast paced. Also, I loved how big of a role music played in the film. Overall, it had complex characters, exciting action with exhilarating fight scenes, a great soundtrack, and an engaging story. One of my favorite movies of 2017.	5
This is neither the best movie of the year, nor an overly stylistic piece of garbage. It's fun, and the sound track is great. Don't hold your breath for ground breaking story or insightful characters. That's not the point. It's fun, cool, great looking with good action, and good enough characters played by some of our favorites. Don't out think the room.	3
This is a pretty amazing movie. It's action-packed and just a blast to watch. The only reason I wouldn't give it a 5 star rating is there just isn't much to the back story of the characters.	4
I can't believe that I saw the same version of this film that the majority of reviewers here watched. Baby Driver is a poorly executed derivative movie with one of the worst endings I've ever seen.	1
Was really only tolerable because I was watching it with other people a couple of whom were critiquing it with me as we watched it. Lame overall. Even the car cause scenes fell flat. Kingsman 1 had waaaay better car chase scenes which is sad since this is a movie about a getaway driver. The characters were all idiots across the board including the main character and his love interest. A lot of the characters do things without any believable motivation behind them. Wack. Glad I didn't waste money seeing it in theaters.	1
Great flick. Lots of fun.	4
Fun as hell heist movie. Great music, editing and cinematography, as I expected from Edgar Wright and Bill Pope. Some really awesome chase sequences and good laughs. The one drawback for me is the title character. He was an annoying dork.	4
"Thrilling and immersive. One of the best films of the year!"	4
The trailers gave a little too much away, making the first couple heists feel less impactful than they might've if we went in blind. But once all the relationships are established and real tension is brought into play, "Baby Driver" becomes an incredibly exciting film. Obviously the music is the main drawing point here, but it's used so well that it doesn't feel like just a gimmick. Editing tricks and corresponding in-world props and such make the soundtrack flow alongside everything we're seeing. And while I stand by saying trailers lessened the impact of some of the earlier scenes, the action from thirty minutes in until the end feels fresh and it packs its punches insanely harshly. Some of these sequences are the best I've ever seen. The overall story has a classic Hollywood heist vibe, but it manages to still feel new, through how it's put together and structured. The entire cast is great and Jamie Foxx gave what is possibly his best performance yet. Also, I wouldn't have considered Ansel Elgort to be a likely action star, only knowing him from the few clips I've seen from "The Fault In Our Stars," but he was fantastic in the film, both during the action and also as a sympathetic and vulnerable protagonist. "Baby Driver" is much more grounded than the films Edgar Wright wrote with Simon Pegg, but I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing. I didn't laugh as much as I did during something like "The World's End," but the car chases and more realistic approach to reality were a welcome change-up, and the atmosphere is uniquely timeless. I really look forward to giving it another watch.	5
Fast-paced, uniquely-shot, and packed with killer tunes throughout the entire movie. A freshly-made reinvention of the heist-getaway genre.	4
An absolute thrillingly fun blast start to finish. The plot isn't original but it's the direction and way of assembling the plot that gives it such a unique quality. All actors are committed to the tee especially Jamie Foxx in one of his most entertaining roles. The action sequences are thrilling and this contains some of the best editing put to film. Don't miss watching this film. It's entertaining as hell.	5
The best film I've seen in years. Everything about it works to perfection. The casting, acting, soundtrack, writing and action scenes are all tremendous. I loved the cinematography and instantly wanted to watch it once again.	5
Sometimes inventive, sometimes by the numbers, but always entertaining. Baby Driver is another solid addition to Edgar Wright's filmography.	3
Decent film but does not merit the 93% I sometimes wonder about critics on here. Some decent films get well below a decent score and other average well over scored	3
Good film with an interesting story and soundtrack.	4
Edgar Wright's best film, it's fun, it's smart, it's thrilling, emotional, and action-packed; the characters are very well developed and the performances are great!	4
Lot of driving and action but kinda weird.	3
Hilarious and action packed	4
Perfect. Funny as hell. Fast paced with high octane drama.	5
Over the past few days, I've been trying to conjure up a synopsis for Baby Driver that not only gathers up its plot, but does so in a way that doesn't overshadow its (glorious) minute details. Purely in that regard, I failed. Thinking about this film had me pulling at my hair, because for all intents and purposes, Baby Driver shouldn't be any different from any other summer popcorn flick. And by any director not named Edgar Wright, it very well might've been.Baby Driver stars Baby ("B-A-B-Y, Baby," as he says), a music-loving kid who also happens to be an expert getaway driver. As Kevin Spacey's character puts it, he's got a "hum in the drum" in which he uses music to drown out the excess noise. Without giving away too much, Baby-unsurprisingly-ends up in deeper water than he can ever imagine, in a world that he isn't necessarily meant for.Immediately from the opening scene, you get a sense of exactly the style and tone that Wright is going for-and those familiar with his previous films, namely 2010's Scott Pilgrim VS The World, will feel right at home. The movie does a terrific job of making sure viewers feel like they're either right there in the car with Baby, or behind his shades. As the driving stunts hit the screen, you often see a quick cut to a gritting, yet confident wheelman next to a passenger that has their stomach slowly rising up to their chest.Let's talk about the driving.  While it's definitely a cornerstone of Baby's character, it isn't the entirety of the movie. Imagine someone combining the best elements of Ocean's 11, The Italian Job, Drive and [insert anything by Edgar Wright here], and slapping a killer soundtrack on top. If there's an ingredients list to be made, it'd consist of quippy dialogue, fast-paced action, and beats that are never missed.  Given all of that, what makes this different from any of the aforementioned movies? If ever there were a movie that embodied the idea of it's not the destination, it's the journey-it's Baby Driver. The reason that it resonated so highly with me, personally, is the character Baby. He doesn't talk much, and has a playlist (or rather, iPod) for every conceivable mood or moment. Whether it's the sweet, sweet voice of Barry White or guitar shredding of Queen, you almost feel like there could've been zero dialogue at all-and yet the lyrics would've held it right up.Aside from Baby, there's also one heck of a supporting cast. If you were among those who worried that Kevin Spacey would provide little more than a cameo, then worry not. Spacey, Jon Hamm and Jamie Foxx all put in their dues, and have character development through the roof. The on-screen chemistry between Lily James's character and Baby was terrific, and one could make an argument that the non-car scenes were just as compelling as all of the driving.With all of the praise that the movie deserves, I will point out a minor gripe I had. The whole thing almost felt like a daydream in the way that while it's still rooted in reality, it felt whimsical and free-flowing. A part of the ending act felt like an abrupt wake up call, and broke off the beaten path that the rest of the film had carved out. I vividly remember walking out of the theater with a strange feeling. I had fun, and smiled more times in a 2 hour span than I had in a long time. With seemingly every other movie having their sights set on building the next cinematic universe-I'm looking at you, Kong: Skull Island-it was really refreshing to see a small-scale story pack a huge punch with no strings attached. The next time someone asks you if you're in a pink and glittery mood, you know what to say.	5
What an explosive, fun rush it was. The music synced to the action scenes really was special in the movie, but unfortunately, the film wobbles its focus in the third act (at least until the big finale). Most of the acting was good aside from Jaime Foxx; I'm really getting tired of him playing the same "tough thug" character in a lot of his movies with a modern setting (see "Horrible Bosses" for one example). In particular, Lily James made a seemingly one-note character (script-wise) into an interesting person. I was more impressed by Ansel Elgort in this than I have been in the past, also. While it's not quite the best flick I've seen this year, it definitely warrants a viewing, whether on a big screen or small; it is can't-miss entertainment brought to us once more from director Edgar Wright ("Shaun of the Dead," "Hot Fuzz").	4
Fun and cool flick with a killer soundtrack and some of the best car chases in the history of film making . Full throttle .	3
The music, it's always synced with the act. It's just like watching Guardians of The Galaxy, except it's just on the planet Earth.	4
Decent, definitely a rental	3
Amazing chases, great story.	4
This film had everything you would look for in a film. Very well put together. Every leading actor played their roles perfectly.	4
It could've ended differently, more ambiguously, and I thought it would. But the ending was better than that and elevated this to another level.	5
Entertaining popcorn film.	3
A fast driven (pun intended) stylish action musical with an unconventional protagonist and a great source of fantastic tunes.	4
10/5/2017: A pretty good flick with good action and a decent cast.	3
The cast was amazing. It was extremely entertaining, funny, action-packed, thrilling, original, & really fuckin' awesome. Baby Driver is one of the best films of the year !!!! 9/10	5
Let it never be said that "Overrated" equates to "Bad".	3
Brilliant action, story, soundtrack	4
Absolutely loved it. The music, car scenes, the storyline. They all flowed together very well. This movie impressed me.	5
Very well done movie. Entertained me. The story was original which is AJ is something I haven't seen in a long time so it was definitely refreshing.	5
Baby Driver surprised me. I expected horrible things from it judging by those awful trailers, but the film wasn't nearly as insufferable as I thought it would be and is actually quite solid. The action is fun, the film is quite entertaining and it has good dialogue, humor and emotion. It definitely is a solid flick, but still highly overrated as it is basically a gimmick movie with style over substance and with both its plot and its characters being immensely cliched.	3
In a recent era in which pretty much every action film is part of a pre-existing franchise or adapted from literary work, e.g. Fast and Furious, Jack Reacher, it was refreshing to see an action film that's not only original, but gripping and unforgettable with Baby Driver. Outside of Scott Pilgrim vs. The World, I'm not familiar with the work of director Edgar Wright, but after seeing Baby Driver, I just may need to try to be. This is one of the best action films I've ever had the pleasure of seeing. The best way to describe this film is the classic, "simple but effective". The character Baby is a good-hearted young man roped into a bad crowd and is one of few words. But when he does open up and speak, he brims with so much innocence, charm and likeability, thanks in large part to Ansel Elgort's great performance. Like other action films such as The Terminator and The Avengers, the story itself isn't necessarily the best part of the film. But what elevates the enjoyability of simple stories like those of these films, is the writing, style and our connection to the main characters, and Baby Driver does this very well. What especially helped me connect with Baby as a character is his sincere and sweet relationship with his deaf foster father. I just loved seeing them communicate. You can tell they really care about each other and how much the father wants Baby to leave the world of crime. His romance with Debora, played by Lily James, is a little fairytale-esque, but I saw it as a beautiful contrast to the more dark and cutthroat parts of the film. I did feel they had a legitimate connection and it was too adorable not to enjoy, and Debora, like Baby, is simple, but charming. The other characters are very memorable in how mysterious and threatening they are, especially Bats, played by Jaime Foxx. The film also excells at the action side of things, with the car chases and gunplay being so fun and pumping, keeping you on the edge of your seat. The film features a great soundtrack that's blended masterfully with the action and even simple things like doors closing. It also ties into Baby's character as he uses music to drown out his tinnitus which he received after a car accident that killed his parents. But not only does he use it to block out his tinnitus, he also uses it to block out the harsh world around him. He just moves and grooves to his own beat and he's just in his own little world. The film also has a good dose of humor as well. If I had any nitpicks about Baby Driver it would be that I personally wanted to see more of Baby's childhood, seeing how he had an abusive father and his mother was an opera singer, adding more to his love of music and the iPod his mother gave him. I also felt that Kevin Spacey's character Doc, the kingpin that leads the group of criminals, didn't have much motivation behind his change of heart later in the film. But outside of that, Baby Driver is a real treat. It oozes with style, excitement, smart writing, and a central character worth rooting for. It's definitely what some of the Fast and Furious movies wish they could be. I definitely consider it one of the best films of 2017, and I look forward to seeing it again.	4
It's not half as cool as it thinks it is because it's trying way too hard, but it's still pretty entertaining. I wish someone with more of a range was cast as Baby.	2
Was really excited to watch this movie and loved the beginning but everything feel apart at the end. Music was good, not a lot of interactions.	3
One of the greatest films of 2017! Original, faced paced, humorous, good fun!	5
Great is most aspects but lacked a decent ending. If you love Good chase scenes it's an A+.	4
excellent soundtrack, excellent story. Thrilling!!	4
Stylish, exciting, and fueled by a killer soundtrack, Baby Driver hits the road and it's gone -- proving fast-paced action movies can be smartly written without sacrificing thrills.	5
Incredible car chases, a thick, pulsating soundtrack, lickety-split editing, and choreographed moves very nearly like a musical, or at least a music video, this is one bad boy that ain't sorry for a thing. Enjoy some stone legit movie magic for a change.	4
Sleek, stylish thriller of Hipster proportions. Some great car chases early on give way to a mediocre second act. The real star of the film is the Music in general.	3
BEST MOVIE SO FAR THIS YEAR!!!!!	5
This movie was the best movie I have every seen.	5
Pretty good movie!!!! The car stunts were amazing. I loved the old school music played in the movie as well!!!!	4
An excellent original story that the creator was obviously very passionate about. Great coordination with the actors and actresses, Edgar Wright truly shines with his work once again. The stunts were brilliantly coordinated and the cinematography was excellent. Ansel Elgort is a young actor people should definitely keep their eye on, along with great performances by Kevin Spacey, Jon Hamm, Lily James, and Jamie Foxx. The soundtrack was incredibly paired with the pace and feel of the film, as well.Truly unforgettable.	5
'Baby Driver' had me. I really enjoyed the music, the action and the bit of choreography that was put in there. The whole movie gave me an old school feeling which I really liked. The acting had me as well. However some dialogues didn't really had me. Some of them were too fast narrated by the actors. But that's my opinion. The ending of the movie also didn't had me. It was totally out of the atmosphere of the movie. But that's also my opinion. 'Baby Driver' is also a comedy. I'm really happy that the comedy in 'Baby Driver' wasn't overhyped since that is something that does happen with other comedies. I definitely recommend 'Baby Driver' to everyone who likes action and a bit of laughing. Great work!	3
Every intricate detail of this film was so perfectly executed, especially the music/headphones sound effect. The only downside was Kevin Spacey, who I love. He didn't add anything to the film with his performance, for me.	5
One of the best of 2017	5
Outstanding new type of action film. Ansel Elgort was brilliantly cool as Baby, much better than Ryan Gosling was in the horribly boring Drive, which has a similar plot (getaway driver wants out, but the kingpin won't let him). The music was well choreographed into the action sequences, which was also well choreographed. Puts an interesting new spin on the Fast And The Furious franchise.	5
A fun action movie with some stylish originality and a great soundtrack. B	3
Great movie!!, Excellent plot, casting and specially the music!!	5
My Ten word movie review verdict: Very fast and very furious very loud and very good.	3
Altamente recomendable!!!!!	4
all in all just a good movie, loved it.	5
The best movie i've ever seen!	5
Great movie with the new twist of the heist film. Driving scene are great and film transition is still as great as ever.	4
Baby Driver, more like Poopy Diver, AMIRITE!?!?!?!	2
Baby is a young getaway driver, contracted to a master-criminal, Doc. Doc's specialty is armed robberies - he puts together teams for each heist, with Baby being the only constant. Baby completes his last job for Doc and is now free. He sets about leading a normal life, getting a legitimate job and starting a relationship (with Debora). However, Doc views Baby as a sort of good luck charm, and, using threats of violence, pulls him back into the criminal world. With a particular job in mind, Doc assembles his team. However, the other individuals are incompatible with each other, if not psychotic, and soon not only is Baby's life at risk but also Deborah's.A gritty, action-packed and entertaining drama from director Edgar Wright (Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, Scott Pilgrim vs the World). Good script, with some characters that Tarantino would be proud of. Good action scenes, largely involving cars. The car-action does get possibly too much screen time though, starting to resemble Fast & Furious after a while (that's never a compliment...). Another negative is that it does feel too schmaltzy, especially the ending, which is quite weak in comparison with the remainder of the movie. Ansel Elgort is also a bit irritating as Baby (though not as irritating as he was in The Fault In Our Stars). Comes across as a nerd trying to be cool.Can't fault the supporting performances though. Kevin Spacey, Jon Hamm, Jamie Foxx and Lily James are great. Jamie Foxx is particularly impressive as the intense, paranoid, impulsive, psychotic Bats.	3
Really good movie enjoyed it a lot	3
I was disappointed. Some of the acting was good but the storyline was kind of thin and I was bored throughout. It was also very predictable.	2
Mind-blowing driving	5
Nothing wrong with this film, but it wasn't up to the usual very high standard that I've come to expect from Edgar Wright. Perfectly fine entertainment, but it didn't stick with me or make me want to watch it a second time.	3
For me this movie dragged on and I couldn?t wait for it to be over.	2
Such a solid film from Edgar Wright. Awesome soundtrack, flashy driving and never shy with the action. It's the most fun I've had watching an action movie all year. This is a must see!	4
Boring sexist trash, sorry	5
My favourite thing about Baby Driver was how they implemented Baby's music into the action. The rest of it was alright!	3
Love the music and how different it was than anything I've seen lately. I will probably watch it again.	5
Best movie ive ever seen in my life.I LOVE YOU ANSEL ??????	5
Most overrated movie of the year. the opening moments are fun and the use of music adds to that but as soon as Baby takes his ear buds off and talks, it's like an anchor lands on screen. Apparently he and his local waitress fall madly in love but you wouldn't be able to tell by the terrible acting by the two leads. By the end of this I just wanted it to be over so I could get on with my life.	2
Action, comedy, love, cars... A good movie, although personally it was not to my liking.	3
It has been years since I have seen a good movie that was not; a remake, an adaption, or a reboot. Then this film came along. Stylish, funny, creative, and just plain great, this movie can't be missed. With fast paced action mixed with sleek romance and laugh out loud humor, this is a few hours of your time that you can't afford to miss. Lovable characters and great acting only add to the fun, with Ansel Elgort pulling off a fun performance, and Kevin spacey pulling off even better, makes this the movie of the year. And the fun and creative soundtrack is the big, bellbottom cherry on top. Thank goodness for this movie.	5
A fantastic, thrilling ride. A movie with the beat! It's like drive got a sense of humor but still this is not better than wright's other movies in my opinion. Everything is great in this one (Please don't make a sequel, this one is far better if u let it alone)	4
Fun movie. Great action. Catchy music and acting was solid. Needed better female characters, however. And more Jon Berthanal.	3
Neo-typical over-stylized flash with minimal substance.	3
Another amazing film by Edgar Wright, featuring top class editing and a perfect musical score.	4
Besides the scenes of Jon Hamm overacting sometimes, this movie is good and reminded me of good old classics.	4
Edgar Wright's Baby Driver is the perfect example of a man who loves his craft, with its expert editing, thrilling action sequences, and one of, if not, the best soundtrack put to film. Wright, a man typically known for style over substance, perfectly balances his action and music with engaging characters the audience can care about.	4
Edgar Wright galore. Love it!	4
BEST. MOVIE. EVER. ??	5
Action-packed great movie	4
Although the direction was pleasing to the eye, the story was predictable from the beginning, the characters forgettable and cliche. I didn't even finish it.	2
Baby Driver:- Great Acting- Solid Directing- Good Script- Fantastic Cinematography- Sharp Editing- Fun Action Scenes- Colorful Characters- Amazing Soundtrack- Well-Paced- Magnificent Story that features a sweet romance and gives good backstory for the main character- Decent Comedic MomentsCons:- noneOverall Grade: A+ (10/10)	5
Fast-paced, upbeat and entertaining throughout.	4
Fast-paced, upbeat and entertaining throughout.	4
An entertaining, stylish, fast-paced action drama and probably Edgar Wright's best film to date. The soundtrack is also fantastic and so is the technical scale of this movie.	4
Baby driver is exactly what I expected when I started watching the Fast and Furious franchise. Very stylish, awesome soundtracks and amazing characters. Would actually like a sequel.	4
Yes, I know it is pitched as a movie about cars. It is called Baby driver, after all, and the car chases are stellar, mind you. Yet, at its core, it is a striking, choreographed and heartfelt ode to music, love, the [mostly] good guy and, yes, cars.The film comes with a soundtrack sure to reach legend status. Not only are the song choices spot on (thanks for some Brubeck), but they are synchronised with Baby moving or tapping his fingers, curtains being opened or cars hooting. It is worth seeing just for the surprisingly whimsical opening car chase and subsequent stroll for coffee. I did not see that coming.Neither did I anticipate the pumping heart of the film. The reason Baby starts drowning out sound with music (and his beloved iPod) is heart-wrenching. The car crash which kills his parents will make your heart stop. The relationship I enjoyed the most was not between Baby and his girl, but between Baby and his deaf foster father, Joe. Look out for the scene on the porch. It brought me to tears. Even though the film was slick beyond belief, it did not lose its depth.That brings me to the chemistry between all the actors. The whole team is, for lack of another word, synchronised. Even though Baby and Debora's relationship is newly formed, their chemistry makes it believable. Jamie Foxx stands out as the troublemaker. Kevin Spacey is Kevin freaking Spacey. I am not so sure Jon Hamm pulled off the psychopath.But back to the cars. The car chases will make your heart race. Apart from the last 20 minutes, which I will discuss later, the chases are not over the top, not ridiculously CGIed, but just well shot, well choreographed and perfectly executed. (I think I racked up two speeding fines on the way home from the screening ...)So, the last 20 minutes is where the - ahem - wheels come off. What is it with big Hollywood films (I am looking at you, Wonder woman) that set up a lovely backstory, build the tension, tug at your heart strings and then mess it up by going overboard, by bombarding the audience with ludicrous chases, senseless violence and destruction of things? Just tone it down a bit, please.My only other gripe with the film is that the ending is perhaps a bit too neat.All in all, Baby Driver is an unexpectedly beautiful dance between love, music and kick-ass car chases.	4
Although lower on some aspects, the music, the editing, the performances, the stunts, the tonal control, and just the amazing characters elevate this film to a GOD amazing tier.	5
Edgar Wright's Baby Driver is the perfect example of a man who loves his craft, with it's expert editing, thrilling action sequences, and one of, if not, the best soundtrack put to film. Wright, a man typically known for style over substance, perfectly balances his action and music with engaging characters the audience can care about.	4
I was looking forward to this movie since I saw tube trailer. It had all the makings of a great memorable film you?d be speaking about for week and recommending to any and everyone. Bitter disappointment. At least the boy was entertaining, the rest was just pathetic. Jamie Fox playing the stereotypical black thug was just so over rated and overdone, it was boring. Jon Hamm with his thousand demons being held together by drugs and devotion to his tarty side piece was pathetic. Kevin Spacey really added nothing to the movie, which is a sad, horrible waste of perfect talent. He might as well have been a voice on the phone, he was completely superfluous. Save your money, wait for it on TV. Even if you miss it, no big deal.	1
A fast-paced, adrenaline filled stylish action film which boasts an amazing cast, A tight plot, and extraordinary action sequences set against a neon background with a stellar soundtrack that makes this the must see of the summer and the best film of 2017 so far.	5
This film is great in some aspects, but poor in others. Baby Driver gets its fuel from its soundtrack, choreography and directing. The film hits some snags when it comes to acting and writing, especially in developing the characters and the messy final act. If you like great car chases, throwback music, heists, and are okay with an average story then this film is for you. Personally, I wish the writing went a little deeper and was a little cleaner.	3
one of the best films I have ever seen. Truly enjoyed every minute of it. Script writer 10/10.	5
simply fell in love with the actors and music.	5
I wasn't expecting it to be so action packed, love the story, the characters and the music!	5
Best film I've seen for years banging music. A true romp from start to finish!	5
I can see why so many people liked it with the all-star cast playing some very interesting characters, but if you're not into ridiculous car chases and absurd machine-gun shooting scenes woven into your love stories then you won't like it.	2
Unusual movie filmed to with soundtrack following each scene. Great actors that garnered appropriate sympathy or ire, simple plot yet well played. Music and some fun one-liners. Got a bit violent which I usually like, but seemed unnecessary here. Perhaps it was to make a point.	4
Rating: 100%Flawless action sequences, an enthusiastic cast, and Edgar Wright's sure-handed direction are only a few highlights from Baby Driver, a film that uses a killer soundtrack like no film before it.	5
The story was a little bit simple but that didn't stop this movie from being a well directed, well choreographed, all around fun time at the movies and a successful experiment in sound and filmmaking that should absolutely lead to more films like this in the future!	4
Not as cool as it thinks it is	2
What a fun ride! LOL! Rarified air when you have a such a combination of great action sequences and an intelligent plot. Stars Jon Hamm, Jamie Foxx & Kevin Spacey show off their acting chops. Added plum was the surprise cameo of Singer/songwriter/actor Paul Williams. Great film!	5
Before I saw this movie, I had already heard good critics about it. And I have to say I wasn't disapointed. It does not have a story that you will remember for months. Instead, it is just a simple story of a young boy, named Baby, that is envolved in robberies given his exceptional driving qualities. However, the movie is very well made, the driving is unique, the action is constant, there aren't slow scene that most of the time cuts the emotion of a movie, the main actors performed almost flawlesly (generally speaking), the comedy is pure and different (it introduces a new type of comedy, based essentialy on music and common ordinary scenes, that adapted very well to the movie). This movie is 2 hours long but it is worthy to watch. I have to say that the only negatives were that sometimes the cops on this movie were a little dumb and that the end of this movie, although it was good and expected, it could have been more worked on, in terms of logic.	4
Beautifully directed and amazing soundtrack.	5
an almost perfect movie from the director of Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz. he knows what he wants in front of the camera and with the matching soundtrack to make the action and scenes better it is an amazing watch.	4
Is this a spin-off of La La Land?	3
As much fun as you could ask for in a movie.	5
Choppy, no flow, chase scenes are sub par for this day n age	1
One of the greatest action movies of this year. Edgar Wright is one of my best directors and Baby Driver shows why. The movie really has its own style and its use of music is genius. There is one scene where Baby has to restart the song because something was off key and then he tells everyone to go once it's right. The movie is quite funny while being able to take itself seriously. There are parts that are really funny and there are numerous scenes that say "alright everyone no more fucking around we're for real now.TL;DR Really good. Really funny. Really nicely paced. Edgar Wright. Watch it.	5
Not the smartest action movie I have seen, but very entertaining and stylish.	4
great movie and fantastic driving scenes	4
Thrilling, slick and above all entertaining, Edgar Wright's fast-paced action flick hits all the right notes. Ansel Elgort's Baby is the lynchpin of the film as he infuses a charm and nuance to the character that's rare in such a genre stuffed with stereotypical blockbuster leads. The titular lead role is supported by an ensemble of gifted performances with not one but two enigmatic villains in Jon Hamm and Jamie Foxx, with Kevin Spacey as the chilling but unlikely hero boss kingpin. However it is the slick and stylish direction and writing which turns this full-throttle flick into something much more than a simple action genre film. Edgar Wright and cast prove that you can get much more out of an action film if you put a little substance amongst the thrills.	4
Excelente película de acción. Un hallazgo, y el uso de la música es increíble. estén atentos a ese detalle	4
Loved it. Absolutely loved it. Hope there's another soon.	5
?Was He Slow??  Unlike all of the one million [and inexplicably counting...] ?fast & furious? films ? BABY DRIVER is anything but slow.  Wholly original, and perhaps marred by sharing a genre with the aforementioned types of horrendous ?speed chase cinema? flicks, this one effortlessly weaves & hurdles through the tropes & clichés ? mostly due to the impressive heaps of long, uninterrupted tracking shots, boasting one smooth operator behind the wheel.  B-A-B-Y, did I stutter? Was he slow? No.	4
Cool and original...gets real quick	4
A regurgitation of old cliches that fall miserably short of what they're trying to accomplish due to the lack of a soul in the script. What is left is a thrilling car chase/heist flick that will entertain you but leave you with no taste like an empty ice cream cone.	2
Edgar Wright's best movie. That's saying something from a fan who has enjoyed all his movies.	5
8 8 8 7 9 8 7 7 7 8 = 77	4
A fun piece of movie making reminiscent of of the The Driver with Ryan O"Neil. Jamie Foxx is excellent. One may have hoped for more engaging driver scenes but the story makes up for difference.	4
Edgar Wright has an OCD-like obsession with tying up loose ends. This is the source of the film's greatest strengths, but also what steers it into sentimentality at times. But all the characters are fresh and funny - especially Foxx and Don fucking Draper. Figures, it took a Brit to demonstrate the enigmatic presence of Hamm in cinematic form. And the chase scenes - top notch. The amount of cerebral sweat required by Wright cannot be understated. Not his best, but masterful nonetheless.	4
Loved the music in this movie!!!	4
"Baby Driver" is a masterful tour de force driving genuine originality and blistering narrativeIn a film period where edginess is often lacking and the few ones that come to light are squandered by unreasonably bombastic pieces of cinema entertainment, filmmaker Edgar Wright breaks into this parched audiovisual panorama with a film oasis that is reaching, at full speed, the summit just after the first two minutes.Can you imagine an uninterrupted hissing rale in the ear 24 hours a day, eight days a week, hoarse, insufferable? These perceptual phenomena are known as under the name of tinnitus, an irrevocable symptom caused by hearing impairments. 90% of the world's population has experienced or will experience the annoying buzzing at least once in their lifetime, however, no one will eradicate them with both atticism and rebellion as Baby (Ansel Elgort), a crime apprentice. Finding in the art of the Muses, of mature preference, a spiritual escape from the stressful chant dragging him into a horrific childhood spoiled by the veil of death; this young man is immersed in the dirty business of Doc (Kevin Spacey), a devilish kleptomaniac and crime boss, devoid of scruples, who has adopted him as a good luck charm in every one of his exhaustive robberies, giving him the chance to remedy certain monetary inconveniences through a labor pact as a form of payment, however, fate won't allow Baby to turn on the stationary lights of his life, demanding him to accelerate to the peak of madness by overtaking, sensibly, a combination of mild sounds and violent silences.Written and directed by the same subject, this English moonlighter overwhelms with his most recent and first incursion into the action thriller field, after having assembled a subliminal comic trilogy with the help of the acting duo composed by Simon Pegg and Nick Frost. Concurring by the highest standards of today's entertainment cinema, the film makes maximum use of its tools proposing a quality product that is supported by pillars that allows it to spurns restrictions and embraces ambitions.As a heist cinema veneration, Jon Spencer Blues Explosion welcomes, with a fiery punk blues, the circumstantial maelstrom experienced by the main role, placing the spectator in the middle of the core since the opening, putting us alternatively inside and outside a lavish red car, which symbolizes the fierce, intriguing and frantic path the main character must drive. Undoubtedly, the film encompasses and handles, with an impressive care, a set of juicy components that enable it to do and be tremendous deed: a frenetic and spellbinder stylistic journey (of no return) to a severe personal maturation, an awakening greatly empowered by music, rather by good music. Steven Price, Academy Award winner for his hair-raising compositions for Alfonso Cuarón's "Gravity" film, orchestrates and gears, alongside the large sound department, both the created scores and the ultra- popular songs (which monopolize more than 80% of the footage) with the most accurate expertise throughout the story, they're the tires of the film, they take the plot hand-in-hand, a homologous thing to Gunn's work with "Guardians of the Galaxy", only in an atmosphere a little more worldly. Tossing around icons such as James Brown, Boga, Ennio Morricone or T-REX, the explosive, nostalgic and functional soundtrack effectively slides among more than forty hits from the last centuries that make the wonders of any inveterate musical nerd and assistant who gets involved in the events, an illustrious repertoire pressing the trigger in order to activate the film.The visual section is simply masterful, glorifying frames that synthesize the most beautiful attributes of the scene. Bill Pope's camera emanates magic from the opening sequence; unsuspected angles, smart focus and avant-garde photographic games lead the preconception of the typical and theatrical American crime to another level, one that is hard to reach. Justin O'Neal Miller, Marcus Rowland and Nigel Churcher decorate settings with (on the surface) a limited view of artistic potential: a conservative cafe, a grayish control center, an urban parking plot or depressing banking entities. Leaning on nuances, colors, contrasts and bright visual tricks that, together with Pope's cinematography and Courtney Hoffman's costume design work, conceive a high-octane motion picture in general and specific terms. To finish the flattery, the soul of the footage could not miss, magnified by the task of Jonathan Amos and Paul Machliss in the editing room, a fundamental work for the technical and creative results, which must be considered as one of the best incursions within the genre so far this century. Each of the features, mentioned above, are dependent, thus they work such as an intricate Swiss timepiece, an Edgar Wright watch.Actors and storytelling merge into one. Without the excellence of one, there is no excellence of the other. Teaming up with a cast of real talent, the plot doesn't miss the focus and presents what it desires; Here the action scenes don't have mere ends of entertainment, here these are chess chips that jointly address the future of Baby, the leading role. The way in which it brings together the circumstances can be counterproductive, since assembling an interactive puzzle that doesn't demand a high degree of attention by the audience, because of some permissions are taken to sort out some key mysteries in the movie, one of the near non- existent drawbacks. "The Fast & the Furious" carries the banner for the car film universe, the high demand action films are led by DC Comics and Marvel Studios titans, thriller genre feeds on periodic indie strangeness and comedies are governed by laughable ideas of major studios, so how does "Baby Driver" get to encompass and execute perfectly each of these genres without falling into the classic homage or the shameful copy? Well, the answer is in the successful narrative management. It's practically impossible that a current film doesn't present reminiscences to previous ones, and even this one cannot be saved, however, the way to intersperse surprises, sadness, and twists is sharp and sudden, distributing them naturally thanks to the excellent sketch of the narrative script, an authentic fear of the 21st century. Beauty, masculinity, panache, and energy possesses the acting team that has as head the DJ and actor Ansel Elgort. The performances are unbeatable, something that was predictable in advance by having a first-grade diverse cast, they all have a chance to catch and reach at least a few seconds of glory, however, the main actor, Hamm, James and Spacey are those who freeze the screen with their amazing interpretations, which drive this crazy carriage, which take the greatest praises."Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, right now I got to tell you about the fabulous, most groovy" action, crime and thriller motion picture of the year. Wright leads on firmly with one of the most original, potential and coolest proposals within the thriller/crime so far this century. With a remarkable third act, the margins of error are iotas in respect of the sublime work, a contemporary movie with nostalgic and old references by a Hollywood that is claimed step by step; A must-see that needs to be experienced by any cinema fan thirsty for speed, comedy, drama and many, many great twists. Complexly striking, perhaps the best crime is the one made by Edgar Wright, a master of huge magnitudes.	4
Saw this in theatres, one of the best movies i have ever seen. Edgar Wright is a genius director, and has included so many little nuances that make the movie fantastic!!	5
Fun romp, but too many of the characters ring too hollow.	2
Good action. Fairly well written main character but that's about the only character given any depth. Foxx and Hamm play pretty cliche bad guys and the writers seem to have taken about five minutes to write female characters. They are only there to make the cool guys look cooler. The characters could both be exchanged for pairs of sunglasses and the story would really not have changed much. Bechdel test failed. I give it 3 stars since it was entertaining, but nothing more than that.	3
It is a decent movie however the pacing feels wrong. MINOR SPOILERS FOLLOW Baby flips how he acts suddenly he turns on people who were nothing but nice to him at least as far as the movie shows. Jon Hamm's character treats baby like a friend and so does Eiza GonzÃ¡lez's character she defends him and he turns around and screws them over. I understand why he turned on Jamie Foxx's and even on Kevin Spacey but the other two I don't understand. Overall I would wait for Netflix for this one.	3
Baby Driver is a movie full of action scenes, with plenty of adrenaline and it counts, not only with a top notch cast, but also with a wonderful soundtrack that will delight the spectator.	4
It's a great movie to watch	4
The best movie I've seen all year.	5
interesting even from the beginning.. the main character's history is revealed slowly towards the end that got me hooked on...but the way most characters died, specially spacey's are too comedic or comical ..when it was supposed to be a lil dramatic	4
Plenty of cool in this caper, other than Hansel Algorp badly dancing and acting.	3
Amazingly constructed and guided by the beat of music, "Baby Driver" expands Edgar Wright's filmography with an exciting action film that entertains with its style and charismatic performances.	4
First half was good. Then completely ridiculous.	3
It was a very entertaining heist movie. The plot was different then most I've watched. The characters were good and it had a great cast. The driving sequences were well done and fun to watch. The ending and climax was surprising and it wrapped the story up from well.	4
Loved this movie as it was well done. Great actors and a cool plot. Kudos to the guy playing baby as he's new to me and he did a hell of a job. Killer music is a plus as well.	4
Sweetest cake of the bunch I've tasted so far this year. Had realistic elements which i love, Story was entertaining and gripping like a glue, Sure as hell that was one hell of a ride. Heart desires a sequel, pump it out Hollywood.	4
A pleasant spin on the bank heist/high speed chase genre. It drips with originality and freshness!	5
Excellent! An adrenaline romance with good performances	4
My new favorite movie. The music ties the entire movie together with one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard.	5
Its a fun time you guys.	3
Thrilling while never becoming too self-serious, Baby Driver has everything you could ask for in an action movie: Spectacular drive stunts, impressive shootouts and a cast of colorful characters, and a fun soundtrack.	4
The music is the centerpiece of this movie. The plot and characters were not as developed as I would have hoped. Overrated.	3
I feel like I've been transported to an alternate reality where what's normally considered shit is considered good. Let mebe clear: this is one of the worst movies ever made. Worse than The Happening. Worse than Van Helsing. A truly unoriginal, shallow, vapid film.	1
Gets the prize for the MOST OVERRATED MOVIE of the DECADE! At least so far. Very suspicious that critics liked it so much, given how they pan many good movies.Didn't realize there were so many juvenile critics covered by Rotten Tomatoes!But something is rotten with the ratings here, because it was SO BAD!Given the high ratings, I thought this would be a great movie. Instead, after starting out exciting, it went straight downhill and crashed repeatedly in the last 30 minutes! What an overrated piece of garbage.A total waste of time......so sorry I watched this mess!	1
With Baby Driver, Edgar Wright has, once again, proved himself as one of the most creative directors of our time. This movie is refreshingly original. It's an action/musical hybrid, complete with carefully choreographed car chases and gunfights timed to a toe-tapping soundtrack. It's darker than I thought it was going to be, but I still couldn't stop smiling the whole time during this film.	4
Baby Driver is a sweet, heartfelt movie.Baby and Debora's connection even tho it happens really fast, still feels real in a way many movies fail to make their romantic pairs fail to make us feel.Ansel Elgort and Lily James are great in this movie, so is Kevin Spacey.The action is great, and the music just makes it so much better.looooove this movie.	4
Not your run of the mill heist movie. It offers a different perspective. This is a fast paced heist movie with a twist.	4
It is a special movie. It has nice music and a lot of drive (pun intended) going on. The actors are all great but something about the overall story and especially right before the ending hasn't been quite convincing. Still, I enjoyed the movie a lot.	4
Eu esperava bem mais por causa do buzz e fiquei desapontado. Interessante ver em varios lugares que muita gente também ficou, mas ele é um sucesso por aqui. Baby Driver é o exemplo perfeito de filme que tenta tanto aperfeiçoar a forma que acaba por esquecer o conteúdo. Tem estilo mas não tem corpo. Os personagens são extremamente clichés, tão básicos e com um dialogo tão previsível que atores do naipe de Ham. Foxx e Spacey ficam exagerados e incoerentes. O fraquissimo (pra não dizer nulo) desenvolvimento dos personagens faz a historia não ter peso algum.Enfim, o filme não é, de modo algum, um filme ruim e realmente consegue entreter a muitos (eu particularmente passei a navegar na internet enquanto o filme passava a partir do segundo ato) e o estilo e as jogadas cinematográficas são bem bacanas, mas eu tinha tantas expectativas sobre a edição e conteúdo deste filme e elas definitivamente não foram satisfeitas.	2
It's really well done. It starts slow but picks up at the end.	4
Baby Driver is stylish and presents itself as a different type of film. The action was creative and not forceful. Leaving the audience in shock after every heart-racing scene.	4
Slickly made, to be sure, but it has little of the charm that makes the Cornetto Trilogy such classic films.	2
soundtrack was good some great one-liners good story and likeable characters	4
Pretty cool ride and quality cast of characters	3
Es un cinta clásica de acción, sin ningún elemento nuevo pero con una música de lujo y unos papeles muy buenos, con excepciones como el de Jon Hamm que para el papel de malo no va muy bien. Entretenida película con unas grandiosas escenas de acción.	3
La La Land on the wheel	5
It humbly demostrates how the F&F franchise is shortsighted about using cars. Just look at the choreographies and the music: 0% macho, 100% fun.	4
Disappointing. Apart from the great car chases it leaves a lot to be desired. Entertaining at best.	2
Baby driver is exactly what I expected when I started watching the Fast and Furious franchise. Very stylish, awesome soundtracks and amazing characters. Would actually like a sequel.	5
liked it got better as film went along please ptb give a Edgar a chance at something big also Ansel should have been new Han solo	3
good movie with great music combined with action scenes,second half of the film is a bit far fetched but still acceptable	3
Amazing and outstanding movie. Really enjoyed the action packed aspect. Not only this, but continued forth as a remarkable story telling feature.	5
One of the worst films I have seen in the past 2 years. It is like Wright tried to combine two films in one and got both wrog. Swallow characters, fast paced action that doesn't fit with a dramatic plot and useless dialogues.Two stars only for some good sequences.	2
it's not available on bluray, DVD until Oct. 10	3
Amazing movie even for people around 12 years old could watch the movie some bad language and a gory bit half way through but all round amazing film	4
The soundtrack makes the movie. Very vintage like Guardians of the Galaxy movies...	3
Good movie. Good story. But you really really need to enjoy the soundtrack to love the whole flick otherwise it'll just be a decent watch.	3
Although the movie is amazing, it doesn't stand up to the level of Heat. Rotten Tomatoes on the other hand has managed to rate this movie higher than Heat.	3
Expected more action, than talking. Didn't stand up to the expectation. Music is damn good, do add them in playlist	3
Terrible. Cheese. Could not even finish it. What a let down and waste of $16.	1
Not a great film from a great director. It was like watching Roger Rabbit. Too many characters that felt like cartoons that were trying to live in the real world. All of Edgar's films have cartoon like characters in a elevated world and I think that is what makes his other films great.	1
great movie! A story of young love and it's action packed, so it'll please everyone.	5
Fantastic movie, very stylish and entertaining, great performance by all the actors and a superb plot that kept me guessing. The only reason I give this a 4.5 and not a 5-star rating is the music was pretty annoying, I did not really like the soundtrack, the selection of songs and the over use of music and I LOVE MUSIC IN MOVIES.	4
Starts extremely well but runs out of gas all too soon. Still, worth a look.	3
Marvelous, stylish, breathtaking and outstading, Baby Driver is one of the most enternaining movies of the year and provides us a good piece of cinema with an excellent direction and edit, solid performances and a unbelievable soundtrack. (4/5)	4
A perfect blend of sight, sound, thrills, and humour. It's so incredibly fun - which may quite possibly be the hardest thing to pull off.	5
Stole Guardians Of The Galaxy's soundtrack, but great movie.	4
I'd describe Baby Driver as 'A fun movie for the whole family'. Yeah I know it's cliche but it honestly is.	4
fast and the furious for smart people	5
I really enjoyed this stylized movie. The characters were unique and very well cast. The music and scene timing was superb. Very clever film making and entertaining from start to finish.	5
Enjoyed every minute!	5
this was a slight disappointment for me.... the sound track was pretty damn good to start with, the acting was pretty good too. Hey I felt let down by the car driving, the initial driving in the Subaru was amazing, but it went down hill from there.....it left me wanting more from the film.	2
Baby Driver is a brilliant movie. The movie is based around the soundtrack which made me and my brother feeling groovy by the end due to the beautifully choreographed everything; everyone walks in time and there is a few self aware scenes where he replays his song. Great movie - not too serious but self aware enough to keep the flow together 8/10	4
I expected more from Edgar Wright I guess. My bad.	2
Pros: The chase scenes are spectacular, the actors are easy on the eyes and the sound track is to my liking. Cons: The characters lack substance and the third act completely runs outta gas.	4
I love Edgar Wright's movies but with Baby Driver I have mixed feelings. What does this director play great about is the music / soundtrack and its coexistence with particular sequences and scenes in the film. I missed the rigid assembly and quick cuts, and dynamic close-ups on the details. Of course, everything was but to a lesser extent, and this distinctive mark was blurred in the whole movie in which the camera focuses on familiar faces. A good script, three acts and each part was clear, understandable, and sensible. This good movie is an attempt to create production for everyone, but as we know it's very hard to do it - Edgar almost did it.	4
Wow! A blast from start to finish, with the perfect music for each moment and scene. Kinda wish they wouldn't have gotten caught, but I guess it is more realistic that way.	4
Had some corny parts but overall good movie.	4
great flick with cool music and driving	4
A smart and stylish action movie. The soundtrack is the hero. Movie loses it's steam a little bit in the last quarter, but all in all a must watch.	3
Amazing movie that steps on the throttle from the opening scene also best use of music I've seen in a movie overall well acted	5
Interesting and pretty original movie. If music plays a big part of your day to day life you'll love this. Love how they even synced gun shots with the sound track.	4
Lotsa action, good plot, well written.	4
4.75 Unique, brilliant use of music , and entertaining from start to finish.	4
Lame screenplay and lots of things that would've been really wrong IRL. The actors are mostly pretty good though.	2
The best car chase, caper film made to date. A wonderful sub-plot unfolds during the heart-pounding action of the surface. Terrific performances from a well rounded star studded cast. The soundtrack made entirely of pop hits provides energy and insight this thrill ride movie. Loved it.	5
Very stylish and fastly paced, this is how action movies are meant to be with a smart plot with great performances. A+.	5
Full with soulfull soundtrack, Baby Driver bring us a fun movie for both critics and audiences.	4
Wright returns with a very good heist film, unlike anything else that has played before. The talented cast creates one of the best films of 2017, the low budget genre has definitely made an impact this year. The music plays a big part but it's Wright who injects the biggest style, he bounces back from the Antman debacle that seen him replaced by Marvel. If he was ever going to rub their noses in it , this is definitely the film to do it. The imprint of Wright is clearly evident, he is slowly moving into the depths of other strong creators and it is about time. I was impressed with the storyline and what could've been a simple gimmick in other directors hands, this film benefits from clever storytelling and stuntwork. 17-09-2017.	5
This became an instant favorite movie for me. It is as if they built a movie around an eclectic soundtrack. I loved it.	5
When I was a child, I used to think that the music in the film were actually being played whilst the actors were acting out the scene. Naturally, I was disappointed when I found out that this is not the case, as one of the reasons I found acting so appealing was that actors could indeed act in time with the music, gaining the rhythm and vibes set from it. So I was definitely intrigued when I heard that is exactly what this film centred around. Edgar Wright did not disappoint. This movie is one heck of a ride. I enjoyed this film greatly, even though some of the dialogues were a bit cheesy at times. Other than have the music fit the film, Edgar Wright has skilfully and artfully done the opposite in this film; in this case the movie fits the music, making the film original, and just very fun, to watch. Moreover, the acting in this film is very commendable all around. Jamie Foxx is absolutely fantastic in being the jerk. You never know what his character (Bats) is going to do, putting you on the edge of the seat at all times; he is frighteningly fearless. Yet just as you set your mind that Bats is the primary antagonist, the way the movie hinted at Buddy's character, providing cues that signal towards his ultimately "crazy" nature, is very clever in the eventual lead up to him being the real antagonist in the end. Unfortunately there are moments where I feel the film jumps from Point A to Point B (which stops me from giving the film a higher score), but the action and music are both so good, I can afford to forgive some of these jumps. This is definitely a film to watch on the big screen. It is colourful, captivating and again, just very fun.	4
My favourite film of the year, with a great soundtrack and some ace driving. It reminds me of Pulp Fiction in many ways. Check it out!	5
"Først plukker vi ut alle låtene vi vil ha med, så lager vi en dreiebok som passer til musikken og vips, så har vi en film! Story? Den der med siste stikket før vi blir en streit og lovlydig borger and then they just PULL YOU BACK IN!". Jeg sier ikke at det var sånn Edgar Wright pitchet filmen sin til studioet, men jeg har i hvert fall aldri sett en mer musikalsk film. Og både Jon Hamm og Jamie Foxx er dritgode/skumle skurker. Steike, så artig!	4
This was literally the worst movie I've ever seen. Cheesy, predictable and awful. Don't waste your time.	1
Violence just for the sake of violence is okay sometimes,...when here's a good story. BUT this is a TERRIBLE storyline. Now worth it. Ugh.	2
Not at all what I expected and I could never get over that. Some amazing stunts and many incredibly meticulously detailed and choreographed scenes. But I didn't care for the soundtrack, which is an unexpectedly huge part of the film, nor did I care for the lead character/actor. Overall I'm just disappointed.	2
This is the blockbuster of the summer.	4
Everything was great until the very half baked and unrealistic climax..	2
Terrific. Stylish like Drive, but different. Fresh story. Exhilarating thriller. Elgort's character and performance was top notch.	4
favorite movie this year!	5
My English is not very good but I can say that for me watching this movie felt like an experience, takes you through a journey of feelings with the music and the action sequences. Also the movie went in a very unexpected direction, not predictable at all and how everything develops and the characters are never really given too much back stories adds so much to it, it feels as if the audience was a fly in the wall living that experience and watching as it happens	5
is fun and entertaining without a doubt one of the best films of 2017	5
A thrillingly spectacular return for director Edgar Wright, 'Baby Driver' fires on all cylinders and doesn't let go for a split second.	5
Very VERY cool film with one of the best used soundtracks around.	5
If you like Edgar Wright's work (Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Hot Fuzz, Shaun of the Dead), you can probably recognize it on sight. Quirky - and unapologetically so - the humor either resonates with you or it doesn't. And in scenes without dialogue, the movie delivers a good time, with car chases in a pseudo-musical delivery. This may sound silly, because the very idea of such a combination is silly... however, Wright's expert guidance lead to me smiling throughout - not because it didn't work, but because it shouldn't. Miraculously, it somehow does. Young getaway driver Baby (Ansel Elgort) is a reluctant but reliable asset to kingpin "Doc" (Kevin Spacey). Working against his will to pay off a debt, Baby listens to his personal soundtrack to block out his tinnitus, which he's suffered from since childhood. We join Baby as he discovers what freedom is. Baby Driver is fast-paced, and manages to balance high stakes with editing that makes it hard to stop having fun long enough to notice. However in the two hours we are with these characters, the pace never lets up to allow the love story to breathe, and it's for this reason it stops short of perfection. While Ansel Elgort does a great job expressing emotion with few words, it's hard to not give well-deserved credit to a top-form Jamie Foxx, as well as Jon Hamm, for their incredible performances in this must-see.	4
Better than I thought it would be. True what everyone said - the choreography of the action with the music is amazing. Totally over the top at times - but a fun and thrilling and movie.	3
Meh! I don't understand what all the hype was about.	3
It completely hooks you from start to finish. The soundtrack is immense (The Damned's Neat, Neat, Neat a highlight for me) the car chases are fantastic.	4
Best of this year so far !	4
super stylish and Ansel Elgort is unforgettable as the lead if it wasnt for the fact that the story is kind of simple I would give it 5stars.	4
It's a great movie that isn't a typical action movie. The love story is cute and believeable and the driving scenes are great. Although there were some moments I was a little confused, overall a really great movie.	4
The high speed get away car chases were somewhat attention grabbing, but the movie left me with more questions than anything. The plot was too simple and I never really got invested in any of the characters. Kevin Spacey's was the least interesting. Save your time and money.	1
Guy Ritchie style great movie.	5
Best sound track ever!!!	5
Don't understand the high ratings on this movie... I just finished it and everything regarding this film has been done before... better at that.. this movie was extremely average if I'm being generous I would say personally it was below average.	2
Baby Driver is a must have for anyone that loves music soundtracks and the way scenes sync to the tunes. Kevin Spacey is amazing, and so is the rest of the cast. This is the direct opposite of "Boss Baby"	4
Baby Driver is the kind of movie that the more you watch it the more you love it, I've watched it twice with an increasing feeling of excitement, amusement and thrill. The movie has a very simple plot with rich well acted characters in addition to being so freaking cool and stylish and the fantastic soundtrack.Baby Driver is almost the perfect movie of the year.	5
Very entertaining with pretty impressive dialogue. A lot of unexpected twists too, esp. with Kevin Spacey's and Don Draper's characters.	4
A real action movie with suspense and a love story, it has from my point of view three highlights: Baby (Elgort) who seems to be in the character, Deborah (James) who looks like a new American Sweetheart , you get in love of his character and The Soundtrack that is the main character for all the action scenes.	5
Sleek, sexy and stylish, Baby Driver is Wright's most accomplished work to date, featuring a toe-tapping soundtrack, a host of memorably colorful characters, and some of the best car chases this side of the Fast and Furious franchise. It's also a breakout role for Elgort, so charming and so charismatic that we can easily see why Debora is so smitten with him, because the feeling is mutual, and that goes double for the film itself.	5
Gloriously original in concept, mostly thrilling but frustratingly thin in execution.	3
Really good.. but not perfect...	4
It is with great sadness that I declare this movie deeply average....	3
Vellagd. Kanskje ikke den kuleste historien.	3
All I can really say is... Woah. An action packed fun, emotional rollercoaster of a movie. We need more films like this one, Ladies and Gentlemen.	5
what an awesome an enjoyable movie. Loved every second of it	5
Pretty exciting. A couple of things in the script I didn't like so much - perhaps because they were unrealistic - but nevertheless pretty great!	4
Great Edgar Wright heist film. Lily James steals hearts.	4
You and I are a team. Nothing is more important than our friendship.	5
Driven to the of excellence.	5
The first 75% of the movie was awesome. When a movie makes me smile like this one did, it's awesome. I felt the end got a little heavy, but still fell within the appropriate context of the movie. The soundtrack was killer.	4
One of Edgar Wright's top 3 movies, and that is saying a lot since all of his movies are extraordinary.	5
My favourite movie in 2017	5
This was a surprisingly good movie. To me it had some great driving sequences and a good soundtrack.	4
While most movies are praised (or straight up dumpstered) for the plot, this movie's mastery lies in the soundtrack. For those of you who don't know, the entire screenplay was written to fit the soundtrack of the movie, which was put together by director Edgar Wright. In the early 2000's, Edgar Wright directed a music video for a song I can't remember the name of, and it actually inspired him to make a feature-length "extension" of the video. The first scene in the movie plays out exactly like the music video: with a getaway driver (Baby, played by Ansel Elgort) jamming out to some music while his crew pulls of a bank heist. The movie is quite simply a masterpiece (in my opinion), and that is shown with the beat-by-beat, measure-by-measure, balletic pace of the movie, with each gunshot, explosion, pen tap, engine rev, and footstep lining up with whatever song is playing in Baby's earbuds. The soundtrack itself is timeless with classic songs across the board, it's actually one of my favorite playlists to listen to on Spotify. My one single issue with the film, and it's extremely nit-picky, is that the relationship between Baby and his waitress girlfriend, Deborah (played by Lily James) seemed very underdeveloped. That's pretty much the only flaw that really stuck out to me. Other than that, ISSA GOOD ASS MOVIE, 10/10 WOULD WATCH A MILLION TIMES OVER.	5
Finalmente ho avuto modo di vedere questo attesissimo film di un regista che personalmente apprezzo moltissimo, ed il risultato ha completamente soddisfatto le mie aspettative. Il film è adrenalinico, folle e coinvolgente a livelli inaspettati, con un lavoro perfetto sia sotto l'aspetto emotivo che sotto tutti gli aspetti tecnici. Ci viene riproposta la classica regia di Edgar Wright, ricca di movimenti di camera, montaggi frenetici e il suo stile inconfondibile, che ora più che mai fa sentire la sua presenza. Il giusto equilibrio dei personaggi rende la storia avvincente dall'inizio alla fine, con sequenze che riescono a tenerci costantemente con il fiato sospeso. Le scene d'azione e gli inseguimenti sono la parte migliore del film, accompagnati da canzoni scelte con molta precisione che rappresentano una vasta fetta di film, dato che a tratti sembra quasi un musical. Questa volta il folle regista ha sfiorato la perfezione, questo è senza dubbio il miglior film d'azione dell'anno.	4
Was it not for the awesome soundtrack, the movie would have rated zero on my scale. Poor acting, supported by a poor story line, cemented by a weak lead character. A definite "hells no!" in my book.	2
What are you looking for whenever you go to the movies? What do you hope to see after the lights turn off in a room pop-corn wrap-around? Probably the answers to these two questions are different in case: every enthusiast (and not) has a very personal idea of cinema and in this - I think - resides the beauty of confronting and talking about the seventh art. Sometimes, then, we are looking for majestic movies, capable of conquering with their stories, their images and their sounds. Other times, however, we are interested in increasingly rare films - able to combine film passion with every facet of pop culture. There aren't a lot of successful examples but Baby Driver - The genius of escape is just one of these.This is pure entertainment, in its simplest form, clean and, of course, of quality. Funny and crazy, Baby Driver keeps the breath from the first to the last minute thanks to adrenaline sequences and fast editings that find the right balance between images, sound and, above all, words. The dialogues, never out of place, perfectly fit the soundtrack songs that naturally range from Barry White to Beck, perfectly embodying the spirit and the emotions experienced by different characters throughout history. The encounter between Baby and Debora (Lily James) can be said to be great for this very reason and for an Elgort never-seen before, so much to obscure, in some scenes, big screen animals such as Kevin Spacey and John Hamm. They are, however, convincing.The true strength of the film - skipping a conclusive but not overwhelming final dissolution - is the extraordinary and paradoxical ability to be modern despite its substantial, fundamental, nostalgic component. Vinyls, audio cassettes and cinematographic references of all sorts are quite cool with dynamic atmospheres combining the most distant genres. The result is a combination, a sound and visual winning composition!	4
Smooth cinematography, engaging set pieces, an electrifying soundtrack, and fantastic performances make for one of the most original films of the summer season. I loved Baby Driver because it was unique. Wright's style and pacing make for some of the best action all summer.	4
I wanted to LOVE this movie (really hoping for another Shaun of the Dead experience) and instead it was simply enjoyable. Good, but not truly great. (Who knows, maybe I'll like it more on a second watch?)	4
The cinematic equivalent to being forced to eat a bag of sugar.	1
Stylishly the movie is amazing, and the concept of music being more then just a soundtrack is a great idea, but honestly the story is 50's comic book weak (we do have great writers within the genre), and it really feels that the story and its characters only exist to serve has vehicles for the musical action. I really wish that this juxtaposition would be deliberate, but that's just asking for to much.Spacey's character is as schizophrenic as the movie. A good bad guy who puts the main character thru hell using his family as hostages and then just gets soft in the end, is just a illustrative example, because oh baby there are a lot of cringe-worthy moments.So, the saving grace of this over-hyped movie is that it confirms what we already know so well: Edgar Wright really knows how to direct, and if you suspend your disbelief over the naive story he unfortunately wrote you will have a great time.	3
Woah !!! Vraiment bon ! Et que dire de la soundtrack plus que parfaite. J'en ai eu pour 1 semaine à rouler en me pensant Baby.	4
And amazing movie all around. I love Edgar Wright and this movie just cements the fact that everything he touches becomes gold. It's not my favourite of his movies ( that will always be Scott Pilgrim) , but it's by no means anywhere close to bad. It has a few awkward moments around the middle of it and the romance isn't that well done but aside from that it's an amazing movie.	4
what can I say, I love it! It's entertaining and the music is awesome!	4
This is a good movie. More action than I was expecting	3
A smart, funny, self-aware and fresh action movie, with very strong performances and, quite possibly, the best usage of music in a movie of all time.	4
A really original idea made around a really thrilling soundtrack.	4
I've looking forward to this one since I saw the trailer it looks like a Drive (2011) meets The Transporter cast looks great it has everything in a 'small' movie that is usually reserved for blockbusters this should be fun to watch the high drama is icing on the cake	4
Baby Driver, cast, music, cars, Atlanta, bring the best of the summer...correction: best of 2017. I didn't think anything could come along to knock Get Out off the best picture pinnacle...but afraid this one could be it. Moves with just enough of a plot to keep all the seedy characters fit in! To see different generations make up a fast moving (what seems to be) teen movie thrilled this viewer to the hilt. Jon Hamm is more evil than one could ever imagine Don Draper. Jamie Foxx and Kevin Spacey didn't disappoint. But of course--the star is not the Subaru WRX--it's the driver of the WRX: Baby....B A B Y. I can only say I am sorry I am old. I will not see this young man perform in his body of work. Ansel Elgort will be acting (and in fine films) easily as long as John Malkovich and Robert DeNiro. This guy can do it all: sing, dance, flirt, act, and drive! What vehicles will come his way I can only imagine. Ansel Elgort. Remember that name. He'll be everywhere in a year. And I don't think he will go the way of Shia LaBeouf. Did I mention his talent?	5
That one car chase was cool. Sad there wasn't a lot of cool car stuff in this "Driver" movie. The painful use of "style" was off putting..	1
If insulting the audience's intelligence is "hip, smart, & cool" then I guess this movie is all those things. If you can believe that the best getaway driver in the business would leave his prints all over the car....both interior & exterior....then not destroy the getaway car.....then this movie is for you. If you can believe that a supposedly competent & ruthless crime organization would allow the former to happen repeatedly....then you will be as scared of them as Baby was. And you deserve each other. This film had potential but the realism is so vacant that it turns drama into a hapless & harmless dream. Coulda. Woulda. Shoulda.	2
From the first to the very last minute pure fun! Not the typical car chase movie as it has quite some new ideas. One of the best features is that it is loaded with great music of the seventies and eighties. Can't imagine anybody not enjoying this (slightly comic) action flick.	4
This has incredibly great music packed with incredibly greater scenes. It's always smart how the soundtrack matches the story; not only you get extreme car escenes but emotional ones.	4
Loved this. The music, the style, the love story, and everything about Jamie Foxx's performance.	5
cool movie with great music and action scenes!	4
Didn't know I was going to like this movie as much as I did.	4
Best movie of the year	5
Baby Driver has waves of action and music that go together with much style and behind of that, there is a good story.	3
With great action and a killer soundtrack, Baby Driver is one of the greatest movie action of this year	5
My most favorite movie of all time. Two thumbs up as each cast member did an outstanding job. Hope they get an Oscar!	5
Really liked it but it started to get "red" towards the end	4
The best scenes which are typically displayed in this type of movies were scrupulously sorted and mixed with an un-f*cking-believable music. Pretty simple plot, but baby, I wish we had a headphones in the movies <3 Definitely must see.	5
Good car fight scenes and good music.	4
The way the music syncs with the action is nothing short of majestic	5
An under-developed secondary cast and classic story structure prevent this truly exhilarating movie from being a true masterpiece, although it largely makes up for it with his thrilling visual style, complimented with effective editing a relevant soundtrack.	4
I purposefully tried to avoid details of this film before going in and I was pleasantly surprised. I liked the blend of action and music and also thought that although not a comedy there were enough laugh out loud moments to be enjoyable.	4
Much better than I had expected. Excellent movie!!!	5
Main actors are overacting so badly and the story is so naive I barely made till the end of the movie. Plus the music was massively overused. After 30 mins I stopped to notice it.I would never base my cinema plans on Tomatoes and IMDb ratings.It's like in one moment everyone just lost the taste.Ridiculous	1
This movie is absolutely amazing! I love baby so much and the originality of the film is so refreshing in a world of reboots. I crave for something new and untouched nowadays and this did not disappoint me. Baby driver is definitely a multiple re-watch for me.	5
Actually probably my favorite movie this year, Baby Driver has phenomenal action scenes, a great cast of characters, and some pretty unexpected moments. Kevin Spacey and Jaime Fox add some pretty dark humor to the whoke thing that fits very well and elevates the movie. The only gripe I have is the ending, as I feel like it was a bit rushed and could have been written better.	4
One of the best movies of the year. If not the best. Amazing writing and directing by Wright.	5
Really fun car action story with a great cast and great movie direction.	4
I'm completely in love with this movie! It's the best I've seen in a long time!!	5
Badass!!!!! Stylish!!!!! Action packed!!!!!	5
Fantastic movie from start to finish. What else is there to say? Besides.....GO SEE IT NOW!!	5
fresh and new, loved the playlist, fun light, not too cheesy, keeps you on your toes.	4
As a whole, enjoyable and appreciable for it's craft, but the the third act was just terrible. It descended from the realm of stylish intrigue upon which it founded to ridiculous over the top action movie violence that strayed so far from any grounding that I found myself dumbfounded.	3
My new favorite movie	5
The best film I've seen in years. Everything about it works to perfection. The casting, acting, soundtrack, writing and action scenes are all tremendous. I loved the cinematography and instantly wanted to watch it once again.	5
A smart, menacing thrill ride from start to finish, Baby Driver's all-star ensemble shines in Edgar Wright's loving nod to heist films. Now excuse me while I listen to its soundtrack on loop for the next week.	5
Arguably the Best Crime Film of the 21st century.	5
fun and not as predictable as most movies	5
One of the best movies this summer. Idea, Style and Music is top notch. And you will fall in love with the characters real fast, especially Baby. Only at some parts the movie drags a little and the ending also gets dragged out unnecessary.	4
Overall this film was great. The action, drama, and acting were spot on. Ansel did really well, in part of having Kevin Spacey on set, I believe. Definitely a must see.	5
Loved the prominence of the music and especially the discussion of the Queen song, Brighton Rock.	3
best film if the yr funny and full of of	5
Action packed with great story line.	5
It became one of my hatreds. I have never liked sort of this movie. Sometimes you might be looking for one which can possibly make you feel excited and stunned. However, this won't be like this as u anticipated. It was such a bad movie.	3
This movie is garbage. The critics who are ranking this movie with 4 or more stars are reaching.	2
Was Ok and had some entertaining parts.	3
"That's some oscar s#@t right there!"	5
Excellent movie! Soundtrack was amazing. The story line was fast paced and energetic. Loved it!	5
Thoroughly enjoyable heist flick with lots of fancy car stunts and a great cast of characters. Great actors, great soundtrack, great fun.	4
Proper action thriller. Fast, thrilling along with an amazing soundtrack.	5
The music and excellent car chasings cannot save a poorly written plot with too many inconsistencies.	2
Different and unexpected.	4
Super fun time at the movies. Expert direction and superb editing make for hypnotic sequences that are perfectly synced to the groovy soundtrack. Edgar Wright can do no wrong, baby! Kudos to John Hamm for bringing just the right amount of goofy fun to his role and setting a tone for the ensemble. If you ask me he is due a supporting actor nod for one of those golden doorstops for this performance.	5
Movies like this are the reason why I keep striving to be in this business.	5
Painfully long (even at 2 hrs) and painfully insulting to my intelligence and time. This self-indigent, 'I'm so clever' film completely forgets the audience as well as plot or characterization. Mr Hamm should be embarrassed.	1
Lucu, seru, romantis, dan tidak bisa ditebak. (8/10)Wajib ditonton sebelum jadwal tayangnya habis di bioskop. Soundtracknya keren. I think this is the best Crime Movie in this year..	4
????? ???????? ?????. ????????, ??????, ?????????. ???????? ????????, ?? ? ?????????? ???????? ????? ?? ???????. ??, ? ?????, ? ?? ???? ???????????. 8/10	4
Really fun and the music drives every scene. Worst title ever.	4
I enjoyed a lot, very good work from Edgar Wight	4
This has everything I want in a movie. Enigmatic lead, brilliant soundtrack, action, comedy and emotion. I loved it.	5
literally the best movie I've ever seen.	5
I like Baby Driver because it is a action movie.Because my mom tack a bout the movie.Baby driver is a bout a teen who is a driver for bad guvs.To not driver a round bad guvs.	4
Meh. The first five minutes are the best. Unbelievable story line. Over stylized acting. Interesting because you keep expecting the film to turn a corner on being as good as everyone says...it never gets there though.	2
Amazing soundtrack and great performances by the entire cast. Kevin Spacey and Jamie Foxx are both at the top of their games.	4
Baby Driver, is a movie that you can count on wanting to watch over and over again. The story is phenomenal, and the acting is superb. for many, the love story did not work, but for me it worked. Edgar Wright, yet again, has created a cinematic masterpiece. I would recommend this movie to anyone and everyone. The attention to detail is crazy. I absolutely loved this movie.	5
Another masterpiece from Edgar Wright	5
+:1. Edgar Wright's signature comedy writing.2. cool ass cinematography3. real shit sound design4. Jon Hamm5. Fun action scene6. Run The Jewels and Focus Hocus Pocus7. cool poster art-:1. terrible romance writing. trying hard to capture the Scott Pilgrim's magic but failed miserably.2. underdeveloped Baby relationship with his step father.3. anti climax Kevin Spacey4. Basically the whole fucking third act.	3
The fact that Edgar Wright is the director is enough to get me interested in seeing this movie. It might not be as satirical like the Corletto Trilogy, but Baby Driver is an awesome movie with a stylish look that doesn't seem distracting from its overall story, has awesome well shot practical car chases, and a smartly written script.	4
Really good movie until the last act. I compare it to a Baby walking for the first time; then it gets all excited b/c it's doing such a great job & then falls over.	3
Movie was good. Loved the music. The ending was a little weird and kinda sad. Great acting and a storyline that will keep you guessing. The story gave detail to the characters, providing depth and character development in a short time. All around a good one time watch.	3
Can I give zero stars.	1
Could have used more WRX STI in it, but solid movie all around. Very entertaining.	4
Now this here is a huge surprise for me because it has one of the most interesting casts I've seen in a while not to mention it being investing since minute 1 and it held up until the end. Not only did it have a great soundtrack and amazing performance but it also had a great plot that somehow made me feel like watching a superhero film if you think about it. Must watch.	4
In a sea of Hollywood crap, Baby driver stands out with a soundtrack that will blow your mind. Great acting and character development. Amazing story.	5
Dentro del mundo hagamos una verdadera jalada tiene algunos grandes destellos.Aunque el soundtrack se queda corto comparado con películas como Guardianes de la galaxia, hacen de este su mejor herramienta para llevar una película más bien trillada.Terrible actuación de Jon Hamm y Jamie fox	2
It is a strange story with a weird character who needs to rely on the energetic beats of his personal soundtracks to be the best in the crime games. It is fast-pacing without focusing on stunts, brutal bloody sequences or special effects, a terrific heist conceptual film blended with unconventional tone that finds its balance between crime, emotional moment and romance, plenty of old-fashioned delights of real car chases and super fun actions as well as rock and pop culture musics all sum up as the visual effect of this thumping fun thriller. Not only Edgar Wright should be praised for his screenplay that contributes to its genuine originality but also the beautiful technical editing that creates a perfect engagement between musics, story and characters. The cast is strong with charming chemistry from the leads, Ansel Elgort (Baby) and Lily James (Deborah) while Kevin Spacey, Jon Hamm and Jamie Foxx also perform extremely well as the villains. The twisted ending is surprisingly emotional yet it is still overall a satisfying and stylish crime thriller that meticulously making viewers to feel its unique and to smile with pleasure.	5
Wright is danm COOL ????	5
I expected a high-energy action flick, but it turned out to be a blend of Fast & Furious (car action), Guardians of the Galaxy (music and dead parents), and a bit of a Tarantino movie (characters, loving relationships, storyline that takes its time). Stylistic film with some good characters. The plot advances a little slow, as does the end, but still a good movie.	3
One of the best movies of the summer but just like anything else it all comes down to personal preference.	5
it was good, wouldn't see it again but I could see others liking it more than I did	3
Great, funny, full of surprises.	5
Might be one of my favorite movies of the year. So great. Story flows. Actors are great. Twists. Turns. Cars. Music was so perfect for the film. A music watch and must own.	5
La mejor película del Verano ??Me encantó, amé! ?Ok, ok. Hay q darle sus licencias. Pero llevense a sus babys a verla, no se arrepentirán.	5
One of the best movies I've seen in while. Subaru power	4
Cringe. Action scenes are the only redeeming parts. Main actor not good, everyone else is great.	1
It's was kinda funny and a very good movie	4
Baby Driver is a mixture of the pre-established heist-film concept blended with an unconventional tone & a most-refreshing pace. The story displays interesting & fleshed-out characters with Foxx & Hamm delivering compelling performances throughout it. However, the film's real strength lies behind the perfectly aligned synchronization of picture & sound with both of them often intertwining to create beautiful results. Baby Driver is definitely this summer's must-watch flick.	4
Action packed, awesome music	5
Amazing movie. Edgar Wright delivers again!	4
An exhilarating and stylish ride from start to finish.	5
I saw and it was amazing the style is great probably my favorite Edgar wright film but he has so many good ones	5
Funny and exciting with some good car chases.	3
Feels a bit below Wright's best. Fortunately, when that best is high up way beyond the clouds, the result is still heavenly.You could sense a couple twists coming based on how just how strictly some characters behaved towards one another, but they didn't feel poorly written. Rest is just fantastic.	4
No soy fan de las películas de acción. Con frecuencia se trata de espectáculos de ruido y movimientos rápidos, que nunca justifican la existencia de aun otra película del género. Este definitivamente no es el caso de Baby Driver. Aunque hay elementos que dañan la película, particularmente el esíritu de celebración del crimen, la sangre y la violencia en general, existen otros elementos positivos que destacar. Las actuaciones (especialmente la de Jamie Foxx) son buenas, las escenas de acción muy entretenidas, la música excelente y la historia lo suficientemente aceptable como para involucrar e interesar al espectador en el desenlace de los personajes. Aunque no puedo endosar el tono y la ética de la película, con todo, me parece que es bastante entretenida y una buena adición a la cartelera. Le doy 3 sólidas estrellas de 5.	3
Thrilling, exciting and great soundtrack. I liked discovering new songs on this movie and it was an enjoyable watch. Kevin Spacey's character really gave a twist in the end which caught me off guard.	4
This movie struggled to grab me. I expected so much more.	2
edgar wright is on point!	5
Edgar Wright has always been a reliably terrific director. Shaun Of The Dead, Hot Fuzz, Scott Pilgrim, he's a pop culture geek's pop culture geek, and he's added another belter to his résumé with Baby Driver. If he's great at anything, it's integrating music into the movie so well that it becomes an integral part of the action, not just incidental background noise, and with a plethora of awesome songs at his disposal he weaves them into the fabric of the film, heightening tension, pumping up action and complimenting tranquillity. It has a great cast on top form. Kevin Spacey can do no wrong with me, Jamie Foxx is perfectly malevolent, as is John Hamm, and Ansel Elgort is a great, stoic presence, but with bursts of personality and plenty of innocent charm. It has a problem with its actions scene, which are lots of fun, don't get me wrong, but there seems to be a constant fight going on between Director and Editor. The Director wants the scenes to be smooth and flowing, as they should be, but the Editor has seemingly graduated from the Michal Bay School Of Cutting Films, and has chopped some of them to within an inch of their lives. Fortunately, this problem is not enough to ruin a film with so much likeability, so many great lines, so many toe-tapping tunes and so much passion. See it if you haven't already.	4
WowHow can you beat music to the most amazing car chases.Spacey is top of the class and really shines.Don't miss it.	5
Edgar Wright knocks it out of the park again with this crime-thiller-romantic-quasi-musical. Not my favorite movie of the year, but damn - such a fun time.	4
Watched this twice....amazingly creative movie and I love how incorporated the sound/music is!	5
Great movie! Came in with no expectations and was extremely delighted in this film.	5
a unique filming style that didn't follow your typical storyline. acting/characters were a bit overdone but i appreciated how the end wrapped up nicely.	4
lots of fast paced driving action. I really enjoyed it.	4
Baby drivers style and strong characterisation really shine, with Ansel Elgort's Baby being a cult icon in the making. The movie however loses some traction in its second half as it goes into overdrive and seems to lose what made the first half stand out so much. While the story for our heroes comes round full loop, the action gets overly crazy and violent with questionable turns for the story and characters.	3
Omg this was such a great movie. Funny and action packed. Loved every minute of it.	5
Edgar Wright surely knows how to tell a story through great visual presentation. He has out done himself here with visual and sound masterpiece!	3
i super loved this; the music is great & cast is awesome. even though the story line is predictable & the love story progressed too quickly to be realistic, i thought it was fantastic. 10/10 would watch again.	4
amazing incredibly terrible total shit	3
Fun movie with great soundtrack. Didn't take itself too seriously	4
¡Magnifica de principio a fin !	5
This movie was super cool. The music was probably my favorite part of it. The driving was great. The girls were great! Flea was in it! I liked everyone's acting in this movie. It was well put together. Edgar Wright is an exceptional filmmaker!	4
Very stylish, fun, great action, great soundtrack, amazing characters...pops a smile without feeling forced... What is not to like!? Must see movie.	4
Amazing movie with ingenious use of music. The first car chase was the most unbelievable, amazing, wow, OMG! At first I wasn't sure whether I liked the protagonist, but he was <3 <3 <3 and Lily James was so sweet and everything about this movie was just right. I especially found it refreshing that the protagonist's father was an African-American man and they communicated with sign language and everything about that was not made into a big deal or over explained. It just was. Loved it all! <3	4
Loved the set up, became repetitive.	3
Nice adult, action, comedy. This movie oozes style. I'm glad director Edgar Wright finally has a mass commercial hit on his hands.	4
A little bit like Hollywood but out of the plan. Amaizing schedule and the most wonderful editing I've seen in a LONG time	5
not bad!not bad!not bad!	3
Not what you expect, unless you are so creative that you dream in musicality. Well acted, fast paced, action packed and focused on the beat of the music, be prepared for the ride of your life. Warning: the body count is high and Jamie Fox's character is scary enough to give you nightmares, but the uniqueness of the film is apparent from the opening sequence when even the shotgun blasts occur on the beat of the music.	4
Baby driver is a cleverly written heist film that you can't miss.	4
Bank heist movie with the main anti-hero of the movie named Baby (Ansel Elgort) with him attempting to figure how to get himself out once he is squared with the man at the top Doc( Kevin Spacey).	3
intesnse from the beginning to the end... Good for actionholics...	4
Excellent character development and acting all around. Phenomenal soundtrack to compliment all the exciting action. All around an A+ film.	5
It's an entertaining movie but it's definitely not 90% as was rated by critics! I would give it 6, maybe 7 out of 10.	3
I have to be honest: this is my least favorite Edgar Wright film to date. Which is not to say that "Baby Driver" sucks ass, in fact, in terms of style and craftsmanship, this is a brilliant piece of work that showcases how talented Edgar Wright is as director. It is arguably one of the best directed and sharply written films of the year, the action is well-crafted, and the way it uses music and sound effects and blend them with these action sequences is just brilliant. The editing is some of the best editing I've seen in my life, and when the film focuses on the heist stuff it's really good fun.	3
its and interesting Ride!	4
After the exit of Jamie Foxx's character, the movie doesn't hold up much as an evolution of Baby's character. It turns into a violent tale with no center inspired by free will, which sips away the otherwise comic nature of the film into a gritty revenge fueled by discomforting hatred.	3
Edgar Wright strikes back baby and he's on fire! "Baby Driver" is two relentless hours of action and music, music and action: phenomenal chases, great soundtrack, very good cast (Jamie Foxx steals the show) and, as always, perfect sound and editing. It does not avoid certain clichés, with the love story especially being a little too fairytale-y for its own good, but remains a thrilling ride, particularly notable for marrying jaw-dropping action and feel-good musical vibes in a rare, organic way.	3
Decent - spoiled by an unlikable lead...	3
Great acting, editing, and soundtrack in this awesome bank robbery movie	4
"Is this guy a retard?" "No that's baby. He's a genius. He saved our lives.""I'm sure he's a retard""He's the best driver in the world""Is that guy a retard?"Yeah we get it. He's special. Kevin Spacey's good.Jamie Foxx sucks. In everything (except Ray).	1
As a massive Edgar Wright fan I went into this movie expecting nothing less than a great time, I got that and so much more. Wright's stylish and exciting directing really compliments Baby Driver's fun plot and dialogue. The perfect Summer blockbuster.	4
Very good fast paced action movie. Totally enjoyed!	5
Baby's a professional thief who listens to music so much that he winds up choreographing his heists to the song he's listening to. But unfortunately that song is never Swinging on a Star.	4
What a film! Though could have done with a few more banging / dance tracks - the choreography is beautiful, clever and well worth a second viewing ASAP	5
It is an enjoyable film with an amazing cast and a smart story but during the last 40 minutes it all free falls with a predictible and conventional conclusion that feels miles away from it's brilliant first hour.	3
I forgot that movies could be this good. Baby Driver is the best film I've seen in the past 4 years, and it may hold up farther back than that. I have a hard time finding one word to describe Baby Driver, so I'll use 4- Really, really, really cool. Everything about this movie has personality: the characters, the cinematography, and MUSIC!!! Baby Driver has what has it all, and proves to the world that even car chase movies should have a soul. Edgar Wright grew on me through out the Three Flavors Cornetto Trilogy (Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, The Worlds End) and knocked me dead with Scott Pilgrim. He's brought me back to life with Baby Driver.	5
Creative, hilarious film with a surprisingly retro-style love story that could have used a little more spice, but is also over-criticized. Aside from that, any one who enlists the aide of music to survive mundane chores on a daily basis will thoroughly enjoy this main character. I know I did!	4
A movie that's too much fun to watch - I had to give it 5 stars. If you like action movies, this is a must watch.	5
Cool is the word. The directing is made in a way that the soundtrack is a the center of the movie, it dictates the rhythm of the scenes, the beat of the action sequences. Very nice and refreshing. Not a must see though.	3
Good but not excellent	3
this just proves that whatever Edgar Wright makes is worth watching.	4
I don't like Spiderman, but I loved this movie. Not sure how I can express a higher endorsement than that	5
it was one of the best movies iv seen in a long time	5
Not bad, but the movie is nothing special. Tom Holland is a convincing Spider-Man.	3
Decent Marvel movie. Started off a little slow but ended up being a good movie.	3
Best Spiderman that was ever made. Iron-Spidy....?	4
Clever adaptation of the Spider-Man storyline. It felt trapped by is pg-13 rating at times but an overall decent film with a character that has been beat to death by film studios over the last 15 years.	3
Spider-Man: Homecoming manages to deliver a surprisingly fresh and promising spin on an iconic hero with a second reboot that is better than it has any right to be without feeling tied down by the franchise on the whole. Tom Holland is just hands down the best portrayal of Peter Parker to date. Not only is he believably young but he perfectly nails the balance between awkward Peter Parker and neighborhood Spider-Man that both of the previous incarnations lacked. He's also funny and confident but also has the kind of heroic flaw that only good writing could help and that's that even when he does indeed help it only makes matter worse. It also helps that he's supported by such a fun and entertaining cast such as Zendaya, who has a lot of the film's best lines, Donald Glover and the likes of Peter's endearing friend Ned as played by Jacob Batalon. They are on the whole a bit underused however and the film goes entire segments without some of the characters but the film is rightfully, as the first film should be, concerned with Peter's character first and foremost. Michael Keaton delivers a reliably strong performance as The Vulture, one of the more memorable villains of the MCU, thanks to a surprisingly hefty amount of backstory and characterization as well as Keaton's deliciously evil performance. What's also notable is that Robert Downey Jr., while pivotal in the film, doesn't even play a major role as initially assumed and its clear that this is still a Spider-Man film. The narrative manages to be surprisingly fresh despite being a second reboot of the character, opting to ditch the predictable origin story for a continuation of his arc after Civil War, as Peter struggles to match his ambitious goals of becoming a superhero against the restraints of everyday life. Its full of heart and humor, and it also helps that it paces along rather nicely. By the film's end, it only leaves you wanting more which could only be signifies as a good thing. Some of the film isn't as fresh as it could have been though and its not all too original. Jon Watts direction is terrific, straying away from the emotionally charged tone of Sam Raimi and the darker tone of Marc Webb, to strike a deft balance between heart and comedy that feels more organic with the feel of a Spider-Man film. He also manages to make the film am entertaining high school drama as well, neatly interweaving Parker's high school life with his more personal hero life. The humor feels right at home here, as opposed to previous entries in the universe where it may feel abrupt, making for an all together breezy film free of the gritty themes comic book films tend to bog themselves in nowadays. It may not be filled with action, although those that it has are thrilling, but that's because a Spider-Man film shouldn't be as concerned with that. Heart has always been the priority here, and this film clearly makes that its goal while never overdoing that. It's visually appealing, offering a more vibrant and colorful display of colors while capitalizing on the engrossing web slinging dynamics that made the character a highlight in Civil War. Spider-Man: Homecoming is the best Spider-Man film yet, (Spider-Man 2 was a great film but not necessarily the best Spider-Man film) and O just can't wait for the sequel to come. -	4
Like the legendary hero, this movie had every reason to fail but manages to be a stellar entry full of fun and action and a great entry into both the MCU and the Spider-Man legacy.	4
Marvel needs to slow down and actually make movies that have a plot worth watching. Graphics are nice, but give us a story worth following. It appears they are more interested in fast money, but their killing their brand and my interest is starting to wane.	2
The ONLY place were it lacks, is in Tom's voice acting at some points. Otherwise, best Spider-Man movie on Earth.	4
Disappointing Stan Lee would let Hollywood trash the Washington Monument the way this movie does and there has has been way too many remakes	1
Best comic book film I have ever seen in my life. That says a lot. From the great supporting characters, to the best MCU villian i have ever seen, this movie succeeds in every possible way i could imagine, if you have not seen this movie than you must, this film is perfect, simply perfect. 5/5.	5
there are better versions of this story and way too much use of Ironman. If you don't like Ironman, you are in for a long ride.	2
Best one to this day....AWESOME MUST SEE MOVIE!!!	5
a great avenger movie	4
Spider-Man: The Relatable HeroThe "friendly neighborhood Spider-Man" swings from webs, scales walls, and fights crime, and he's only 15. The Spider-Man in movies seems untouchable, but is he really?Spider-Man Homecoming is about a teenage boy fighting two battles: one against the forces of evil and the other the turmoil of being a teenager. After gaining super power abilities, Peter Parker (Tom Holland) is recruited by superhero Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.). After a couple missions Iron Man wants him to lay low, but Peter simply wants to use his powers to help. Throughout the movie he battles with his immaturity and his impulsive nature, just like every other teenager, except he has superhuman powers. When the Vulture (Michael Keaton) begins to terrorize the city, Peter decides to take matters into his own hands. This film has exactly what an action movie requires: a sound plot, impressive special effects and solid character development.When it comes to action movies there must be a fair balance between action and plot, otherwise it can be to out of control or it can be boring. In Spider-Man the plot is very sound, it is thorough and there is still action. In one seen he is attempting to finish his investigations as Spider-Man and get back for the academic competition he is a part of. Many teens fight this battle; who they are in school or around other people, and who they really are. Overall, the plot was extremely well done and it completes the movie.Special effects can be a make it or break it point within action movies. This movie's effects are impressive. For example in one scene when the boat is being torn apart, the filmmakers made it extreme, but not to the point where viewers couldn't follow the events. Some movies may have made it extreme and had more explosions yet, they kept it more or less calm, which is a nice twist compared to many action movies.Finally, character development may be the key that opens the door for movies. The character development was amazingly solid for both the hero and the villain. Vulture was portrayed as a hardworking citizen turned evil because of poor treatment by the upper class. This made his character seem relatable because we've all been treated poorly, and at some points in the movie it seems as though he's not even a villain. Spider-Man's character was well developed both as a teenager and a hero.Throughout the movie they made Spider relatable with his mistakes. For example, when he unlocks his full abilities in his suite even after Iron Man said not to, he actually damages his mission instead of helping. Most teens can relate to this, many have battled with these issues; this movie emphasized that and also showed him overcome those issues. Watching this happen is not only a victory for Spider-Man, but also the teenage viewers.After watching movies that apply to adults, this is an action movie that teenagers can relate to, hopefully this is a first of many.	5
Spiderman Homecoming brings Spider-Man back after several lacklustre instalments, delivering a fun high school comedy with just enough Spider-Man action to keep fans happy.	4
Strong superhero movie with creative action scenes and an engaging plot. As someone who does not read the comic books, I was a little confused about the new high tech suit and web shooters vs organic webs. Tom Holland was better at this role than the last 2 actors.	4
With a tad more humour, I really enjoyed it.	4
Being the sixth Spider-Man film and third casting of the titular character in recent memory I was not even interested in seeing this film. Despite the hype I was pleasantly surprised. Tom Holland does a great job as did the writers weaving in Tony Stark and the MCU into the story arc. Michael Keaton plays a fantastic villain eventhough he has a noticeable lack of screen time. definitely worth checking out.	5
One of the best Spider-man movies ever made. Tom Holland is the best Spider-man by far. Sam Raimi's Spider-man and Spider-man 2 were awesome movies and The Amazing Spider-man was an achievement in its own right. As Spider-man 3 and TAS-Man 2 were both failures. Hopefully Spider-man will get to shine in the Avengers universe.	4
Was expected to enjoy this film so much - great acting - loved that an old batman was now the villian!	5
5/5 entertainment, 5/5 acting, 5/5 action, 5/5 music, 5/5 plot, 5/5 funny, 5/5 visual effects/CGI, 5/5 beautiful girl. This movie is nearly perfect. I give it at least a 4.8/5	5
love it Spider-Man is my marvel charcter	5
they have found the best Spiderman of this decade	5
This is not a movie about Spider-man. This is a 90 minute commercial for Iron Man/The Avengers.	2
It was good but quite obvious. I was a little bored. But the action was great and the concept was something a little different. The acting was really perfect.	2
8/10 Best spider-man movie and best villain.	4
Brings everything you want in a superhero movie: talented actors creating a likable hero and a complicated bad guy, plot twists, sweet cameos, fantastic special effects and CGI, and a city that is a character in and of itself. Charming, with a nice mix of classic and modern.	5
DerrapÃ³ la historia pero sigue siendo una gran producciÃ³n de Marvel	4
ahh almost the same story line as the old spiderman ð??¬	2
Tiene momentos muy vacíos en los que sientes que nada está pasando, y con una historia demasiado genérica pero entretenida, un humor nada gracioso. Buen Peter Parker pero un villano olvidable.	2
Too goofy! Love Spiderman, just not this one.	1
It's pretty good. Not great, though. Tom Holland is fantastic, and so is most of the supporting cast, but, the villain, um...Yeah, he sucked.Of course, that's commonplace with most Marvel films, and Michael Keaton was great in the role, but his character was virtually nothing. The presence of Tony Stark throughout the movie I was also not too found of, and the plot was a bit dumb, but the rest of the movie was pretty good.	3
have to say it was alright. funny and good visuals and Tom Holland and Michael Keaton are great. but the story was kind of stupid and predictable. and it kind of seemed like they were basically promoting Avengers: Infinity war. And the fight scenes or lack thereof were not that good.  buy it was reasonable enjoyable. just expected more. hopefully next one is great and I'm sure he will be good In the Avenger move.	2
Good action with a great villain and some quality humor, it can't help but not feel intense when it tries to be and has some stupid jokes	3
Very cool and amusing.	5
A movie with so many small noticeable problems that you wanna over look but after more than one viewing their to hard to turn away from	3
Heck of a reboot. Fun all the way through.	4
They were going to get it right eventually...	3
The addition of a complex and genuinely interesting villain allows Marvel to produce one of its most satisfying films to date.	4
Despite being the youngest Spider-Man, Tom Holland proved to be the best actor to ever get cast as the web-slinging superhero. Spider-Man: Homecoming fits right in with the previous installments of the MCU and creates an exciting prelude to the upcoming Avengers: Infinity War, but the best thing about this new Spider-Man movie is that it's not another origin story. Homecoming is simply fun and stays true to the spirit of the comics which makes it immensely enjoyable to watch and sometimes that's all it takes to get it right. As I praise casting Tom Holland, I must admit I didn't like the rest of the casting choices for his best friend Ned and his new love interest Liz. I hope there isn't another Spider-Man movie but I do want to see Tom Holland continue to show up in the MCU alongside Tony Stark.	3
Loved it, fun and a great starting out story line that picks up right in step with the big picture, without going into the origin story that has been told multiple times before.	4
Spider-Man Homecoming was a happy fun little movie. Aside from the constant plot twists and screen time taken up by the lovely Aunt May this was a very good film. It is a very good start for the new Spider-Man franchise.	4
Probably the most relatable and realistic teenage superhero I have ever seen. Well-directed and great pacing, and some cheesiness, but overall was fantastic.	4
Spiderman: Homecoming is the Spiderman movie fans have been waiting for, loaded with humor, teen drama, and a surprising amount of depth, even when Marvel begins doing it's usual tampering with the avengers.	4
To start off, this didn?t feel like a typical Marvel movie and that?s good. It?s refreshing and felt like a small film. The storyline itself was pretty simple and Spidey wasn?t allowed to truly develop as Tony Stark was again in control. Tom Holland makes for a whiny, at times cheesy Spider Man but some think this makes him more authentic to the original character. Overall, this movie won?t move Marvel forward but is a nice addition to the library.	4
Better than Sam Raimis Spiderman, check. Better than Amazing Spiderman, check.	4
GREATEST SPIDERMAN MOVIE EVER!	4
I didn't think the movie was very funny and it really lacked the heart and emotion that made Sam Raimis original Spider-man movies special.	3
Surprisingly excellent. One of the best Spiderman movies.	4
The movie doesnt feel like a spider man movie	3
Spider Man's best adaptation yet.	4
Spider-Man: Homecoming is a colorful and decent entry to summer 2017, and I myself didn't think too highly of the Avengers movies. Spider-Man Homecoming however, like most MCU entries, is overstuffed with too many characters that don't have much importance to the movie whatsoever yet they still get loads of screen time anyways like Childish Gambino, Jon Favreau, Zendaya, and Hannibal Burress. Perhaps there should be a budget maximum for Marvel movies so they get barred from being allowed to spend leftover money on useless things?	3
Spidey gets updated with a new hero, cast, vibe, and feel... and it all works beautifully. it is tons of fun and Holland makes a worthy Spider-Man but most importantly, an AMAZING peter Parker	4
A truly fun film that fits well into the MCU with a charming version of Spiderman from a young actor and a sinister turn from Michael Keaton.	4
Great fun. Didn't feel like the others. Felt more like a marvel movie. Quite enjoyed it.	4
We were really looking forward to this one but yikes was it bad. This is definitely the "2017" version of Spiderman and it's terrible. Glad we didn't pay actual money at the theater for this.	2
Funny, with beautiful cinematography, homecoming is the best Spider-Man installment yet. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is Zendaya's character, a snarky, stereotypical teenager who does absolutely nothing for the plot.	4
After reading high ratings I thought this would be a great movie. It was not. The acting was childish and the the hero?s character was so annoying and whining. The was a movie for children only.	1
This movie was as stupid as I thought it would be! It literally bored me to death! The only good scenes were the ones where the characters Tony Spark aka Iron Man & Happy appeared in them! My advice is don?t waste your time or money seeing this movie!	2
best spiderman movie yet!	5
After Spider-Man 1.2.3 and The Amazing Spider-Man 1,2, we now have Spider-Man: Homecoming. Honestly, I was bored of watching another Spider-Man reboot. But, they made it and after seeing it I've to say that I was somewhat wrong.It took Marvel five films to finally get the character of Spider-Man right. No origin story and no sobbing over poor Uncle Ben, this film indeed learned from it predecessors and improved upon it.That's not to say that the film is without flaws. Michael Keaton's Vulture is still a weak villain and the amalgamation of Green Goblin and Doctor Octopus from previous Spider-Man films. Also, I thought this film had too much Iron Man for a Spider-Man film. Every time spidey is in trouble Tony comes to save him. Though it is used for comedic purpose it gets boring after some time. His side kick,'The Guy in the Chair' was awesome. Performances all round were excellent, especially from Tom Holland and Michael Keaton.I never thought I would want another Spider-Man film. But they made it and they made it right.Welcome home, Spidey!Recommended!	3
NICE NEW REDO FOR SPIDERMAN , GOOD ACTION ANDFUN CAST	4
VERY well crafted. I was expecting the usual bullshit end-of the world plot, but instead was surprised with a self-contained hero movie. Even the bad guy was slightly multi-dimensional, and not so bad (finally there are supervillain writers who craft more than a one dimension asshole badguy). The plot-twist, was awesome too :)Furthermore, this film doesn't take itself seriously, especially with the hilarious Captain America cameos, and the girl troll.Overall, this is probably one of the most satisfying superhero films in a long time.On the downside, seems like Spiderman is absolutely invincible? He even has a building fall on him, while not wearing his suit, and comes away with just a few cuts and bruises... almost as if some kind of Acme cartoon.	5
Where's the villain?	3
Marvel does a good job on another reboot thats near as good as the original Spider-Man films. B	4
I LOVE the Sam Raimi Spider-Man trilogy, probably more than any one else on the planet. I love them so much. So its probably going to be hard to love any other spiderman films. The Amazing Spider-Man films both sucked balls. So I was afraid for this. Is Spider-Man Homecoming good...Yep.	4
I kinda disappointed... It was really like high school kids movie. Still Spider-Man 2 & The Amazing Spider-Man are better. Michael Keaton and Robert Downey Jr looked OK too. Best part: NYC! If SONY makes Spider-Man movies like this, I can't be excited...	3
Fresh Avenger's version with A great tom holland	3
One of the best marvel movies so far. Really fun and entertaining!	4
Very disappointed that the writers and producers felt it was necessary to include the line about watching porn...seriously? Do I really need to explain what porn is to my Spider-Man loving children? Totally not needed...along with the line at the end when Aunt May says ?what the f*ck?...unnecessary. We are huge Marvel and Disney fans but this was very disappointing and will keep us from adding it to our movie collection.	3
Thank God we didn't have to sit through another origin for Spider-Man! I like Andrew Garfield in the role. I didn't really get into Tobey Maguire as Peter Parker. Tom Holland combines the best of both incarnations. He seems very young like Maguire, but has the charms and warmth of Garfield. Michael Keaton also makes for a great villain. "Spider-Man: Homecoming" spins a mighty fine web.	4
Very disappointed in this movie. Spider-Man was an ok actor all of the supporting actors were not good. Even Michael Keaton was held back from his true abilities. Andrew Garfield will always be the true Spider-Man!!	1
An entertaining marvel spoof but not really a spoof and actually a marvel movie was a refreshing change to the usually serious Spiderman series.	4
Tom Holland is great. It had a perfect mixture of action , comedy, ant drama	5
Definitely the best Spider-Man film since the original trilogy's Spider-Man 2. Tom Holland nails it. The teen angst and everything that goes with that can definitely be felt. Not sure about the whole MJ thing. Vulture was a great villain and Michael Keaton was for real. Excellent movie.	4
I dare say it was the best Marvel movie, it was even better than Guardians Of The Galaxy	5
Spider-Man Homecoming: Fast, Smart and loads of fun. Homecoming understands the essence of its young protagainst. Loaded with action, wit, and character devolpment, making this the best spiderman film to date.	5
An Amazing (Get it) Spiderman Film compared to the Not Superior "Amazing Spider-Man" A truly Spectacular comeback for the web slinger	5
Definitely the best Spider-Man movie I've seen in more than 10 years and the best Peter Parker on screen ever. Probably sits 6-8 on my top 10 MCU rankings. Good stuff!	4
This is not your typical Super Hero Movie. Spiderman is super tough, super smart, and super Dorky. His nemesis in the movie The Vulture (Michael Keaton), is Smart, Determined, and probably the best Antagonist in the Marvel Cinimatic Universe. This character brings a kind of realism often lacking in the MCU and allows the more normal problems Peter Parker has to face to be more meaningful.I hope the next Spiderman is up to the task of following this well done first installment. In many ways Spiderman is the New Iron Man in how relateable the character is, and the Villians are some of the best done foils the MCU has done to date. So lets see what the future brings here.	4
One of the best Marvel movies. Doesn't have the usual stupid plot line or asinine nemesis. Good family movie. Worth the ticket price.	4
Like every recent MCU movie, one of my biggest issues with the film is that it doesn't really have a style of its own. The color palette looks the same, the tone feels the same, and the story structure feels very much like every Marvel superhero movie that came out in the last few years. It is a good, colorful Spider-Man movie and if that's what you are looking for, then you will get exactly what you need. I did enjoy watching "Spider-Man: Homecoming" and there is certainly so much to like about it (the well-crafted action set-pieces, the humor, the relationship between Peter and Ned, Tom Holland and Michael Keaton's performances, and Jon Watts' direction.) This is a solidly entertaining film, but if I'm being completely honest, I wish it was bold enough to do something new with its iconic central character. It's good, it's just not great.	3
This film was good on it's own, but was lacking as a Spider-man film. Nothing about it was memorable, except the awful casting of Zendaya as Mary Jane. Good for a laugh, but pales in comparison to the Tobey Maguire films.	3
Spider-Man homecoming is fun action pack movie it doesn't show how he be came spiderman that's good because people already saw how he be came spiderman in past movies	5
Entertaining and good special effects	5
Homecoming is an extreme departure from all the Spider-man movies that have been released. Tom Holland is the ideal actor to play the role of an adolescent Peter Parker (as compared with Toby Maguire and Andrew Garfield). The producers were clever enough to leave out the origin story as they become too cliche. Its dynamic storytelling is also a plus point.	4
The best Spider-Man movie to date with a fun and exciting plot.	4
The greatest incarnation of the web-slinger in my opinion. Tom Holland gave an excellent performance as both Peter Parker and Spidey, showing Spidey's troubles as Spider-Man (which should happen because he's only 15). I'm still to see it again, but it may be my second favorite/favorite SM film. I personally really loved Michael Keaton as The Vulture. He did a really good job capturing the evil that that character possesses. Anxious to see Spider-Man in the next two Avengers films and the SM:H sequels.	5
True to the comic books (sort of) with great human emotion, and with a lot of heart and fun. This is the spidey of this generation (and the definitve one).	5
Surprisingly fun movie that didn't feel overly cheesy. And didn't focus on the same this is for my uncle Ben storyline.	4
Since they already produced two very similar Spider-Man movies in quick succession, I would have been fully disappointed if they rehashed the exact same story yet again. Thankfully, they didn't.This is almost a pre-origin story. It's before MJ is known to Peter Parker. it's before he has his photography job and before his moustachiod boss slams his fist on the desk and demands pics of Spider-Man. It doesn't have those clichÃ (C)d reference points and that makes it all fresh. It shows Peter Parker out of his comfort zone in the suburbs, where his webs don't have enough tall buildings to find to be useful. It shows him as a 15 year old kid who doesn't really know who he is yet. Rather than the cocksure quipper who we are used to seeing. It all makes for a more interesting movie. As does the tie-in with Tony Stark who imbues his suit with extra cool powers.I liked Michael Keaton's bad guy. Because he wasn't really a bad guy. I know that's weird. That people generally want their Marvel villains to be so twisted and dark that they are a threat to all humanity. But I liked that they went low key. He's just a father who got gypped and is trying to make a living selling weapons to petty criminals. It suits where PP is in his development. Yeah, they did the usual thing of Peter Parker having a relationship with one of the villains offspring, but that works.I liked it. It's maybe even a 4 star. I don't know why I'm giving it 3.5. Maybe it's because I feel that I wouldn't rush to watch it again. I don't know why that is. But it's good.	3
I am a Marvel fan and I was disappointed. Messy plot and a poor script made this movie painful to sit through. I have difficulty understanding why the ratings are so high.	2
FFeaturing a selfish superhero that causes more problems than he solves, Spiderman Homecoming at least boasts a talented cast, then squanders it through listless direction that blandly follows Marvel's safe and set-in-stone formula.	2
It re-image of all Spider-Man history, that was great Spider-Man movie I ever seen. He just a high school boy and should be that way. Movie runs the story very well, more fun and heroic. I like it!	5
Tom Holland has basically saved Sony from yet another disaster Marvel film, let's hope that they can do it twice.	4
Movie is good. One time watch!	3
Also, if you are gonna watch this movie for the visuals, watch it in theaters.I saw it on a computer today and the lighting was so odd sometimes that I didn't even see the characters.Why or how did we see it on a computer is a flaw in itself.One of the students in my class wanted to see it in theaters,and I didn't want to see it because of my thoughts.Plus, it wasn't even 3 months old by the time we were watching it on the computer.	2
good mixed with bad. Ruined it for me with an ugly MJ.	2
Better than the other ones but still could use a lot of work. Loved the conversation with the suit in the secret warehouse.	4
With this film they?ve messed with Spider-Man?s origin story, something you should never do to an iconic comic character like this. Although Spider-Mans suit looks the best it ever has on screen, they really made this film just so they could tie him in with the Avengers for the infinity gauntlet movie we all know is coming. Once again the villain is not in the least bit intimidating making it a predictable film, outcome already known from the start from the ?Marvel formula?. Spider man has so many villains that Hollywood has failed to bring to the screen or at least properly. We all know Venom and Carnage would make for the best villains, and we know it wasn?t done right before, and now it isn?t being done at all. They just can?t get Spider-Man right, I don?t know what it is.	1
Terrible movie. Meant for 5th graders.	1
Best Spider-Man yet. Holland has portrayed him the best so far.	3
Really fun Spidey adventurer. It's nice to finally get the character in the universe he belongs and with that, be able to reference other things and characters. I love that they made him a kid again, who messes up a lot on his path to learning, love that they made it fun and colorful, love Holland and Keaton in their roles. And I love that this reboot doesn't get bogged down in covering the origin again. A few changes I really hate, and the movie loses points for that, but overall it's great. Can't wait for more.	4
Great, diverse, high-school looking cast.	4
Funny and colorful movie. Holland fits very well in the Spidey skin and Michael Keaton was my biggest surprise as Vulture. Although this one is very entertaining and somewhat .. dumb story... I still think Spider Man 2 (2004) is the best of all the movies with Spider.	3
BEST. MOVIE. EVER. MADE.	5
"Spider-Man: Homecoming is not only one of the better films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, it's also one of the more heartfelt and funnier comic book movies I've seen."Movie Review: Spider-Man: HomecomingDate Viewed: July 7 2017Directed By Jon Watts (Cop Car)Screenplay By Jonathan Goldstein & John Francis Daley, Jon Watts, Christopher Ford, Chris McKenna and Erik Sommers, Story By Jonathan Goldstein and John Francis Daley, Based on the Marvel Comic created by Stan Lee and Steve DitkoStarring: Tom Holland, Michael Keaton, Jon Favreau, Jacob Batalon, Donald Glover, Zendaya, Marisa Tomei, Laura Harrier, Tony Revolori, Logan Marshall-Green, Bokeem Woodbine, Hannibal Buress, Kenneth Choi, Tyne Daly, Gwyneth Paltrow and Robert Downey, Jr..I thought there weren't anymore webs for Spider-Man to break through but "Homecoming" makes an excellent homecoming return for the famous web-slinger. After five stand-alone movies, Spider-Man is now officially part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe but that doesn't mean he's finished with school. This new "Spider-Man" film mostly focuses around Spider-Man trying to be Peter Parker. At just 15-years-old, this "Spider-Man" is the youngest we've had to date and what's great about this second reboot of the "Spider-Man" series is that it also mostly focuses around his days as a science nerd in high school.Even though Spider-Man is part of the MCU now, "Spider-Man: Homecoming" bursts to life thanks to a lighter tone, character development, incredible action sequences and a great supporting cast. I still love the first two Sam Raimi "Spider-Man" films especially "Spider-Man 2" but this new "Spidey" film gets the character right and it also has more of a feel to John Hughes than just a corporate, money-making product. 21-year-old British actor Tom Holland from "The Impossible", "In the Heart of the Sea" and "The Lost City of Z" is your new "Spider-Man" and he's absolutely having a ball here. Tobey Maguire was good, Andrew Garfield was fine but Holland is cool, cute, sweet, innocent and just plain fun to be around.After his breakthrough supporting turn in "Captain America: Civil War" last summer, we were waiting anxiously for this amazing "Spider-Man" to have his own movie and boy did we get a great one. Yes, Robert Downey Jr. makes an appearance as fellow Avenger and Peter's father figure/mentor Tony Stark a.k.a. Iron Man but he does so much more than just cashing a big paycheck.After getting drafted into the Avengers by Stark, Peter Parker (Holland) heads back to high school where he's still the usual awkward nerdy teen who's shy around girls. He quits his school's decathlon team so that he can focus more on Stark's Internship which is continuing his crime-fighting activities. Peter's only best friend is Ned (Jacob Batalon), a quintessential and reliable number two guy who first discovers his true superhero identity. I got giddy over this character because he owns a Lego Star Wars Death Star set. When I first saw the Lego set, I went YAY!Peter has a crush on a high school senior named Liz (Laura Harrier) and he hopes to ask her out to the homecoming school dance. Meanwhile, a new villain hits New York City in the vein of a metal-winged figure named The Vulture (Michael Keaton). His real identity is Adrian Toomes, a salvager who was cleaning up the wreckage the Avengers left behind during the Battle of New York. He and his salvage company were let go under Stark's Department of Damage Control led by Anne Marie Hoag (Tyne Daly) and Adrian vowed that he will have his vengeance one day. Adrian thinks that people at the top like Stark don't care about everyday people like him and he has one simple goal: Money. He doesn't care about power, he's just trying to make a living for himself and his family.Thanks to the extraterrestrial alien weaponry he and his salvager crew recovered from the wreckage site, Adrian was able to turn into The Vulture and he also plans on selling the rest of the alien technology to the black market. With a new villain in town, Peter Parker must find a way to juggle his high school life and his superhero duties without losing the people that mean the most to him including his Aunt May (Marisa Tomei).When I heard that the writers of the 2015 "Vacation" reboot (Jonathan Goldstein & John Francis Daley) were co-writing "Spider-Man: Homecoming", I went into full-on panic mode because they didn't seem capable of handling a good superhero movie but boy was I wrong. This new "Spider-Man" reboot breathes new life into the character and it even has a fresh new story to boot. What's refreshing about "Spider-Man: Homecoming" is that it doesn't cover the origin story, Uncle Ben's death or even the rescuing of the damsel-in-distress at the end. Those familiar aspects have cleverly been removed in favor of a nicely told coming-of-age story. Even though he's basically playing another crazy birdman, Michael Keaton gives a solid performance as The Vulture and he flies away as the best "Spider-Man" villain since Doc Ock from "Spider-Man 2". As for the supporting cast, Jacob Batalon stands out as Peter's nerdy best pal because he has great comic timing and he brings out a stellar and kind presence to himself and his character. Marisa Tomei is also really good as Aunt May and the talented supporting cast also includes Jon Favreau reprising his MCU role as Tony Stark's driver and bodyguard Happy Hogan, Donald Glover as a local criminal who goes into places where you might not expect, Tony Revolori from "The Grand Budapest Hotel" as "Flash" Thompson and Zendaya as a very smart and intellectual classmate of Peter Parker.Director Jon Watts who previously gave us the indie road thriller "Cop Car" with Kevin Bacon brings out a more endearing and wise-cracking "Spider-Man" than we've come to expect and his big action set pieces are very well paced and edited. After plans for "Amazing Spider-Man 3" and several other "Spidey" projects fell apart due to diminishing box office returns, Sony Pictures was forced to give up the rights to the character to the Marvel Cinematic Universe but Disney collaborated with Columbia to patch up the new "Spider-Man" reboot."Spider-Man: Homecoming" is not only one of the better films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, it's also one of the more heartfelt and funnier comic book movies I've seen.	4
this was definitely the second best Spider-Man next to the very first one. the angle was awesome the acting was good and adding in some Avenger action made it more fun.	3
Spider man is one of my favourite super hero?s also love the new actor just a great family film	5
I was very surprised, I liked the movie quite a lot.I have to say I expected this to totally suck. I am so tired of Spiderman reboots that I want to scream. I liked Sam Raimi's Spider Man, I hated the reboot and this was seeming on a suck trajectory as well.I am tired of origin stories, and I am tired of high school and this seemed to be both an origin/reboot and high school characters. I wasn't even sure about going, but the husband wanted to see it so I agreed.I am glad I agreed, and I can say I was wrong. I am still not keen on high school age. I have a hard time identifying with high school now that I am 3 times the age of the character. However, it was written very well. It did follow some tropes but it tended to write them in a way that kept it interesting. Even his teen angst at being kept back from doing real superhero work wasn't overwhelming and just felt right.It wasn't a reboot origin story. I had assumed this would be the movie showing how Peter Parker got his powers and arrived at Captain America's movie. I was wrong, this continued after the movie and didn't bore you with flashbacks or callback to his origin. It was refreshing, I liked meeting MJ and his sidekick was pretty damn cool.The biggest surprise that made it as good as it was, was casting Michael Keaton as a blue collar turned villain. It is the only blue collar bad guy that I have seen that felt right. Keaton is a great actor, the story was written well and I really liked what happened at the end. How he talked with Spiderman and how he dealt with his own family.I definitely recommend the movie, and I will definitely be seeing the next one that comes down the road.The good: Michael Keaton, the lack of an origin story on film, and just the acting and writing overall.The bad: Teenagers, I like it, but I would like it better if they were all adults.	4
The best Spider I have ever seen... nice humor, perfect cameos, full action and interesting sequence	5
Fresh new feel that the true comic fans would greatly appreciate. this was a compliment to the Stan Lee and the creators. Almost right near perfect. Tom Holland captured the roll perfectly.	5
the best of spider man	3
Just awful!Why so much Tony Stark and his suits/ gadgets Schlick. How ridiculous for marvel to force this on us! Even Stan lee's obligatory cameo was lame.Poor tom...he had ADD and it was simply a mess, every aspect of it. It is the worst movie I've seen all year and it has poisoned me against this tired marvel franchise/ ensemble. Really, Robert Downey junior should quit it...ugh. Enough.	1
The acting by holland and Keaton were spectacular, as well as the supporting cast. The humor in the movie was hilarious and the action was intriguing.	4
Really good movie. Loved the Avengers tie-in. Keaton is great as usual. Not one that I will own but glad I saw it on the big screen.	3
Why does every one hate spider-man I watched spider-man when I was a kid	5
What a fun flick! Highly recommend!!	5
Funny, exciting, and full of heart. Spiderman: Homecoming proves to be a worthy adaptation of the character, pulling no punches in delivering a fun, action-packed film for Spidey fans of all ages. A film that can stand on it's own as a film, and not the product of a long line of movies.However, there were a little too many PC moments that felt added in and really had me rolling my eyes several times, and some jokes didn't land as well as they thought they did. 3.5/5 Stars	3
The best Spider-Man Movie I've ever seen in my life	5
This movie is Fun, funny, cool, exiting and downright amazing	5
Great action, effects and script writing. Really funny, but kinda made our main character seem kinda whiny and whatnot. But honestly it shows the real trials and tribulations of being a teen super hero. Great flick!!	3
Given the multiple reboots of this property in the past two decades it's surprising that "Spider-Man: Homecoming" is not only coherent but enjoyable. This is the first time the character actually seems like a dorky teenager and Keaton's villian is effective, especially during that third act twist.	3
Disappointing for those of us who loved the Sam Raimi films. I didn't want to see Spider-Man cross over into the other Marvel characters' movies, as I don't like the other ones at all. Spider-Man was a big whimp in this movie. I realize he was in the first Spider-Man movie, but he became strong and his own man, whereas in this movie, he's the Ironman's bitch.	1
It's okay. Nothing really special. Cliche at most parts. Sami Raimi's version was far better.	3
Best Spider-Man movie yet! Didn't really love the Spider-Man character till this movie.	5
A triumph, a must-see, and a stroke of brilliance are just a couple words that describe Spider-Man: Homecoming, one of the best Marvel movies to date. Tom Holland is excellently cast as our hero and Michael Keaton as our villain. If you haven't seen this movie yet, I encourage you too strongly.	5
Only reason I gave it 3 stars if for Keaton, everything else kind of sucked. Same old story and nothing new except Spider man had a black gf. These studios keep using the same recipe and it's dull. Praying that the new DC is at the very least not typical and I can tell Thor Rago will be SOS.	3
A nice start with young spidy, but they need to do more.	3
Really great movie!!!! This movie has the same life as a 15 year old (apart from being a superhero) but it's just fun and has a great actor playing as spider man!!! Well done tom Holland!!	5
Spiderman Homecoming was an amazing, new, and exciting reboot. Tom Holland did an excellent job in playing Peter Parker/ Spider-Man and another actor other than Tom just doesn't seem fit. Words can't describe how truly amazing this reboot turned out to be; I've always been a fan of Spider-Man and was worried about how this movie would turn out especially since this takes place in the MCU, but the second the movie started playing in the theatres, I fell in love with not only Spider-Man Homecoming but with Tom Holland himself who portrays the character so well. You guys have to watch this movie!	5
Great movie with excellent acting by Tom Holland. The movie, however, does sometimes use those superhero origin story clichés, which, I must confess, truly annoyed me, especially after watching it for a second time.	4
Good, but gets stale.	3
Pretty good not worth all the hype, and I love marvel movies	3
Amazing. This film is made so well. The villain culture is incredible which makes the story so much better. The effects are incredible and the plot is fast paced and really entertaining.	4
Marvel are the saviours of cinema right now. With recent 2016/17 summer blockbusters falling massively flat Marvel always deliver. It has genuine human moments and emotions which stem from the most classic story arc's possible. Overcoming adversity, making your way in the world, what it means to be a hero. There is also a good amount of laugh's and humour in this film which are genuine and not false. Everything about this film comes across as genuine and not false when a film of this scale could have easily lost it's grounding. Michael Keaton is great in this movie. He has just the right amount of menace and subtle psychotic edge. The tech in this film is great, it looks great and gives the movie an impressive & immersive feel. Spiderman himself impacts with the viewer much more as a young man. It is easy to fall in love with this new Spiderman because we all like to support a plucky kid from queens. The movie is paced well and does not succome to the tiresome explanations of Spiderman's origin's. It plant's you straight into the middle of things and moves on at a steady pace from there. The only negative perhaps is that the 1 on 1 battle sequence between Spiderman and his nemesis could have been a bit more direct and brutal but apart from that the movie is another belter from marvel.	5
Hands down best Spider Man movie yet!	4
The Best Spiderman movie I have seen . Thanks to Marvel studios to show the comic accurate Spiderman on the big screen . Its the one of the best time I had in theatre . Tom Holland , Michael Keaton , RDJ, &John Favreau were great in their roles .	4
deviates from the super hero formula as Cap. America 3 did, which is a good change. But the whole thing wasn't engaging as Sam Raimi's were.	2
The best Spider-man movie of them all. And that tells a lot!	4
It's a great additional spider movie, filled with the right atmosphere that you would expect from spidey, but it still doesn't quite reach the old two first installments with Tobey McGuire.	4
The Amazing Spider-Man, Spider-Man, and Spider-Man 2 are all better films than this. I'm glad Spider-Man is now part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe so that he can interact with so many of the other Marvel characters, but something was just missing here. I didn't care about the characters or get invested in the story in this one like I did the other Spidey flicks.	3
Great scenes and effects, and fun throughout. I would have liked some more character, and a plot that dug into the person of Peter, but an entertaininng film without doubt.	4
The best Spider-Man movie to date	4
A fun reboot for our friendly neighborhood Spider Man. Holland excels and Keaton chills in a modernized addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.	4
Spider-Man Homecoming is So Awesome!	5
best MCU movie so far...	4
Provavelmente o filme mais divertido deste personagem já tão explorado nas telonas, principalmente por incluí-lo no mundo dos vingadores.	4
To much an Iron Man film.	1
Best spider-man movie yet. Excited for sequel.	4
Excellent addition to the Marvel universe. Well done! I can?t wait for more.	5
My favorite Spider-Man movie of all time.	5
best superhero/ spiderman movie ever!!!	5
???? ???? ????? ???? ?????.. ?? ???? ????? ????? ??????? ???? ?? ??? ????? ??????? ????????	5
This is the Spider man movie we have been waiting for years. Now that Marvel has the Spider man character in the MCU we can finally get the proper portrayal of Spider Man done amazingly by Tom Holland. The story is simple, yet it works perfectly for this younger high school Spider Man. Its about Spider Man wanting to be an proper Avenger like his idol Tony Stark. Seeing his struggle at being a hero yet trying to cope with high school is a side of Peter Parker that we haven't ever seen in a Spider man movie. His interaction with the others feel real and it is great.The Villain Vulture played by Michael Keaton is a perfect casting. The Marvel movies have been known for their forgettable villains and for this movie the villain is significantly improved. He feels menacing yet has sympathetic qualities that makes us understand why the Vulture does what he does. The side Villain Shocker and the Tinkerer are also there but they ain't really focused on but this is actually fine since trying to focus on multiple villains like the previously awful Spider Man movies doesn't work and it is great Marvel didn't fall into this trap. A minor nitpick is that the movie never really ever states the villains name "Vulture" ever throughout the movie and that doesn't really make sense considering that the Shocker was mentioned.The score for the most part does the job well and sets the tone of the scene. The only notable song has got to be the orchestral version of the famous Spider man theme and that was a really nice touch.If there has got to be a flaw for this movie then it has got to be the action scenes. The action scenes in the movie are not bad by any means but they are relatively tamed and not super memorable like Spider Man 2 fight on the building or the train. Overall, it is just great to finally have Spider Man back home.	4
Kinda meh on the whole. If Disney made a marvel movie ... I like Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone	3
Great Movie, lots of action to get the blood pumping and Tom Holland's portrayal of spider man is one of the best if not the best. I recommend this movie to all kids over the age 5 as it is a great family action and kids will enjoy it!	4
It was okay. A superhero movie. Had what was necessary to entertain.	3
Why change the story? Why auny may have to be younger and characters different. This is another story. Its a hood one but is another story.	3
spider tingling good just so lucky I don't have Arachnophobia or else wouldn't be able to enjoy it as much as I did	5
Give a funny experience. Good history, good characters, good script	5
Yes it's fun and way lighter than the past ones but it's the same old story and i feel i had enough by now. but i'm sure some people still enjoy the adventures of spider man .	2
I really enjoyed this. Kid did a great Spider-Man. Good story line.	4
By far, one of the least enjoyable Marvel movies...	2
best spiderman ever?	5
This has got to be one of the best spider-man movies ever made, I really enjoyed myself in this movie and I can?t wait until the next one come to theatre?s.	4
Pretty good film!!! Even though I had seen the prequel to this movie with the Avengers, I got the just of what all went on and what was going on in the present. I loved the new and improved Spider-Man suit!!!	4
The Spider-man movie that everyone has been waiting for. Tom Holland is the perfect Spider-man/Peter Parker, and Keaton is one of the best Super villains in the MCU. The movie is extremely funny and brings the light hearted tone of Spider-man that everyone loves. The movie is fantastic and makes you want to watch it over and over again to enjoy it. Again I can't begin to say how much you will enjoy it and laugh over and over again.	4
la mejor pelicula del hombre araña hasta ahora	5
Superb fun. Tom Holland is great, Michael Keaton is a decent bad guy and having the always superb Downey-Jnr gives this some class. It's nice to see Spiderman as a kid having fun instead of trying to be deep and meaningful and angsty. Holland and Downey-Jnr have great chemistry so I look forward to more interaction between them in future films.	4
A little bit to much of the I want to be an avenger angle.	3
This is the best Spider-Man movie. Tom Holland and Michael Keaton gave fine performances. It's not just a superhero movie, but also sort of a coming of age/teen movie where Peter has to learn to enjoy being a kid, learning to make the right decisions, experience heart-break, and know that you can be a hero without a suit.	5
This movie stand up than the other superhero movies because it shows that Spider-Man affects Peter Parker's life and that he is still not as good as fighting crime like Iron Man or Captain America.	5
Anything you'd want in an action comedy is here, Spider-Man: Homecoming separates from the crowd by drawind=g familiar ingredients and flourishing up with fresh ones as well, taking into account all sides of Peter Parkers persona and adding into his boyishness that no other movie in the Spider-Man series has ever thought to do.	4
The closest adaptation of the beloved wall-crawler that poetically brings the spider-man into the modern age.	4
I loved pretty much every Spider-Man movie, and this one is no different.Tom Holland does a very good job as Peter Parker/Spider-Man and really emphasizes on his high school childish side. What I did like most about the film is that it not super serious, but serious enough for Spider-Man. Recommend watching!	4
This spiderman movie was like none ever done before. It was so good! All the repeated tactics in the last films were thrown out in this one which made a completely fresh movie.	5
TEN OUT OF TEN YES SUCH WOW SO GOOD WOULD SEE AGAIN	5
Probably the best Spider-Man movie ever to be released, very enjoyable from start to finish.	4
Yep. Another Marvel classic. Worth watching twice.	4
If you're worried this is just another remake, think again!With cameos from iconic Marvel characters and a new take on Peter Parker's adolescence, Director Jon Watts was spot-on with this film's execution. Spider-Man: Homecoming is sure to engage audiences as much as it makes them chuckle.What makes this film unique to its predecessors is the exploration of Spider-Man's newfound abilities without focusing too heavily on how he got them. The curiosity and sense of adventure in this adaptation is more fitting to a high-schooler, which went unseen in the franchise's earlier films.Despite the fresh take and likeable cast, this chapter serves nostalgic value but is far from iconic. Perhaps this has less to do with the film itself and more to do with how tiresome the back-to-back Spider-Man films have become. In any regard, this is a great movie-night rental!	3
This is spider-man! Great villain development as well.	5
Puntaje Original: 7.5Sumamente divertida, con un toque fresco y moderno, además de un genial reparto, asegura un increíble momento para pasar en familia.	3
Honestly, I didn't love Spider-Man 2. But this movie is not just for fans, but for everyone. It captures what Spidey really is, a teenager with superpowers who want to prove that he can be better. He is someone you can identify with and this movie captures the essence perfectly while fitting smoothly in the MCU. Die-hard Spider-Man fans, this was worth the wait and this movie is very rewarding to you.	5
It's good to see a more relaxed Marvel film compared to what we've had for awhile. While I liked both the Raimi and Webb films, Spider-Man Homecoming injects new life into the character. The fact that it's an MCU film is definitely a plus, but it's not the only attraction.	4
Well it's about time Spider-Man rejoined the Marvel universe.	3
Enjoyable, but not as good as critics make it out to be. Tom Holland does a great performance, much better than Maguire's, but inferior to Garfield's in my opinion.	4
Spider-Man homecoming is the best Spider-Man movie.Because it captures the essence of what it's like to be Spider-Man, and it has great performances and action	5
Honestly I was never a fan of Spider-man, but this movie changed that. Tom Holland fits the role perfectly. The writing is great, Peter's hero-versus-self conflict felt real, and they did a good job making him seem like an American teenager without it being really stereotypical. They also stayed away from the world ending stakes that marvel seems to be stuck in a rut with, and the villain was my absolute favorite MCU villain so far. I'll definitely be watching this again.	5
Great movie! Lots of laughs and Tom plays a very good spider man.	5
I must say, the movie was so great. It's light but still a goosebumps raising movie. The cast's were great on their roles (Tom Holland was the bomb - plus the cameos/appearances of Iron Man, Happy, Pepper, Captain A and probably many other more - but I might have not spotted)The effects in the movie was great! Not much, not less.It surely left me chuckling for a long while!It showcased the real essence of a hero.And there's so much more in there that changed me and my views.Why is this movie so underrated? :(Well then, bye! Have a nice day :)Thank you!	4
I liked everything about the movie. You always have to have some "buy in" with superhero movies and the story aligns incredibly well with the action. I rated it a bit higher than Wonder Woman which I also really enjoyed. A Must See.	4
Spider-Man: Homecoming is definitely deserving of 5 stars. Tom Holland was great as Spider Man and I can't wait to see more of his acting in future Marvel movies. The action in this movie was fast paced and awesome. Overall, this reboot did not disappoint.	5
They nailed Peter and Spidey. Tom Holland is perfect as both	5
Only a smidge better than middling and that is saying a lot.Dragged a little. Didn't wrap up enough storylines for my liking.But they didn't kill the only redeeming character this time.	3
pretty entertaining overall. the cast was really good. Had alot of good action and enough laughs. Found it was a little long and got a little repetitive after awhile with Spidey bungling everything up. still the best spiderman movie since Sam ramis part 2. worth seeing in theaters.	4
8/10.The best Spider Man movie of the bunch. The story is cool and the characters are well developed. I like the subsequent story from The last Avenger movie to this Home Coming - Spider man need to prove himself to join Avenger Team. His character's real kid but the most attractive and funny. The joke between Tony Stark and Spider always have my laugh. The villain don't need to be super bad like other series but the show still exciting. Marvel keep doing good work on Avenger's Universe.	4
Good movie best Spiderman to have come out in a long time.	4
Most enjoyable movie of 2017	5
I think its amazing the story the actors everything!	5
Very good though slow at start. And no politics.	3
It's interesting to have yet another iteration of Spider-Man and to compare them all. I daresay this movie takes some of the best elements, while still remaining a pretty unique take. It's a fun time; some nice work by Michael Keaton, better than some of the other Marvel movies have been as of late. No franchise-building, just another version of Spidey, and a pretty good one.	3
It was ok, but think I prefer the Spider-Man films outside of the extended Marvel Universe	3
I like the new Spiderman, I still found it a bit childish and that's why i didn't give it all the stars.	4
Best Spider-Man movie yet	5
Spidey's second reboot still a charmBy: Teh Kean HooiFrom Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield to now Tom Holland, we have seen plenty of Spiderman on the silver screen. So most if not all the people out there would be wondering how this latest reboot of our friendly neighbourhood Spiderman actually fares.It is great to see that Marvel Studios is taking the lead on this latest reboot and I am glad to say that it does not disappoint. Holland played the 15-year-old teenage superhero role really well and he is all we can hope for to see in this teenage Spiderman. He is young, dreams big but reckless.The supporting cast is as strong. Ned Leeds, played by Jacob Batalon is a wonderful and goofy sidekick to Peter in the film. He totally owned the "man in the chair" role. Adrian Toomes also known as The Vulture, played by Michael Keaton is a decent villain where his motivation is clear and simple, his family.The theme this time basically centres around two things: growing into adulthood and American capitalistic system. We see a young untrained webslinger seeking to find his place in the bigger part of the world. He craves to be a member of the Avenger and he is trying to prove to Tony Stark that he has it in him to take on missions. In an argument with Parker, Stark replied him with "If you're nothing without the suit, then you shouldn't have it." It is a statement as powerful as the ever classic "With great power comes great responsibility." The formal is telling us that we must be able to make full use of what we are capable of to achieve greatness even when situations are tough.Toomes blames the world for his resort to crime. When Parker confronted him towards the end of the film, he highlighted a couple of fair points on what capitalism did to people like him. Still, it does not justify his deeds.Ever since Iron Man 2 (2010), the colour grading for Marvel movies have been rather poor as they shot everything on digital and gave us a flat looking end-product. The positive change of the colours has kicked in since Guardians of the Galaxy 2 (2017) and although Homecoming still has a grounded feel to the whole colour palette, it sets the right tone.One could also criticise that the soundtracks in Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) are ever so generic. They did make an effort to include the classic Spiderman tune into the mix so it is an automatic "A" for effort.With a reboot as playful, cheeky and humorous as this, I am certain that Marvel gets everything they do right and the best thing is they are improving. The subtitle "Homecoming" truly befits the successful return of the franchise to the Marvel Studios.Hence I am definitely looking forward for more awesome addition in the MCU. As Israelmore Ayivor would say in his Daily Drive 365 book, "Your (their) future is very bright."Overall score: 4 out of 5"VERY GOOD"	4
Solid film, but it does have some braindead moments. Also, is there a mandatory reason to put the love interest literally say that she cares only about what's inside?	4
Great film with a good scene of humor. Tom was a great cast. I will not watch more trailers about these movies.	4
The only marvel movie I enjoyed.	4
Endlessly entertaining. Everything a superhero movie should be	4
It's a pity that they get so many characters wrong in this film, but probably have the best iteration of Peter Parker AND Spider-Man from any movie. What a shame, the constant portrayal of how different all the OTHER characters are (including even the villain, the Vulture) really distracts from what could have be a stellar movie. Unfortunately, it's only an okay movie with these creative liberties being taken from a Hollywood that seems almost obsessed with its political agendas these days.	2
Homecoming is an appropriate title for the film in a number of ways. In the forefront, it says-boldly-welcome home, Spider-Man (to Marvel Studios). It also says welcome (back) to those who may have fallen off of the Marvel train due to fatigue. And after 15 previous films, could you really blame them for getting burnt out? Spider-Man was the film that Marvel desperately needed to rejuvenate audiences into continuing to follow its grandiose scheme. It opens the movie in a familiar way, and rides all of the (at least, Tom Holland related) good vibrations from Captain America: Civil War. Smartly, the film forgoes any sort of backstory because, let's face it, do we really need to see uncle Ben die a third time? It's aware that some pretty tragic events take place, but treats them exactly as they are-memories that you don't always need to relive, or poke or prod at. So with all that time not being used with redundant backstory, what've we got left? A lot of Peter Parker. Specifically, Tom Holland's rendition-and what a job he does. Holland manages to mesh all of the qualities you'd expect of a perfect Pete-whether it be geek-ing out on tech, awkwardly treading through new situations, or just fumbling through high school life. At about the midway point of the movie, the film lulls you into this sense of comfort. Like, alright, this is the Peter Parker that I expected (or hoped for), doing all the things that a spider can. And then things immediately take a nose-dive. Holland turns the dial up to 11, and just hits you with an incredibly poignant moment. And it hits hard.If Homecoming proved anything, it was that it doesn't take another world-ending, catastrophic, Avengers-related event to exemplify importance. But that's just it. The set-pieces in play are world ending. Peter's daily life shenanigans might just be a drop in the pond for Mr. Stark-but for him, they're everything. And when things inevitably go awry, they do so with a weight that not a lot of other Marvel films have been able to emulate. His clash against Michael Keaton's Vulture character were nothing short of amazing (see what I did there). The Vulture is easily the most menacing Marvel villain yet, and is hopefully setting a new trend for all villains to follow. That being said, Homecoming is largely a light-hearted affair. Peter's best friend is basically a metaphor of the audience-saying and doing all of the things that we'd picture ourselves doing. The rest of the supporting cast does a great job heckling Peter, and despite all of his shortcomings-Marisa Tomei's Aunt May does a stellar job of always picking him back up. It also checks off all the boxes that you'd expect: Avengers tie in's (but not too many), set ups for a sequel, and worthwhile post-credit scenes. (If you were expecting a ton of Iron Man, it doesn't quite check that box. But this isn't Iron Man 4, remember?)Spider-Man: Homecoming caught me off guard. It got me invested into Peter's mundane little high school world, and then quickly tried to tear it all down. As much as I love seeing enormous set-pieces with the biggest ensemble of Marvel stars-this film had me thinking-maybe things are actually better off in this friendly neighborhood.	4
Interracial garbage pile.	2
This is the only Marvel movie that doesn't feel completely confused tonally, thanks to its young cast. And it has the best MCU villain yet.	4
A pretty solid Spider-Man movie	3
Probably the best Spider-Man	5
October 6th - 8th 2017	5
amazing great plot line	5
Loved Tom Holland as Spider-Man but was not fond of the story. Spidey is a bad ass and they made him out to be more Peter Parker than Spider-Man. Maybe I just had my expectations too high.	3
Spider-Man may not be a necessary addition in Civil War, but if Marvel wanted Spider-Man in their cinematic universe, introducing the character in Civil War was a great way to avoid another Spider-Man origin movie.While I did enjoy The Amazing Spider-Man, the problem I had with the movie was that the movie spent the first HOUR retelling the same origin story that we've already seen in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man. However, Spider-Man: Homecoming cleverly avoids all the essential origins of Spider-Man. There's no Uncle Ben, not even a mention by one of the characters. There's no Peter getting bit by a radioactive spider. He explained how he got his superpowers with one line of dialogue. Because there's barely an origin story, Spider-Man: Homecoming was able start very quickly. The villain was setup right at the beginning of the film, and when we're introduced to Peter Parker, we don't see him making a costume, he already has a costume, one that comes equipped with James Bond-like gadgets.Because Spider-Man: Homecoming doesn't follow an origin story, it's easier to watch the film without comparing it to its predecessors, as the movie approaches Spider-Man differently instead of recycling the same plot. It feels like a Spider-Man movie directed by John Hughes. Familiar characters have been reimagined, but not in a way that feels insulting. In fact, it's rather refreshing to see a younger cast of characters and Flash Thompson being portrayed as more of a rival to Peter Parker than a bully.Tom Holland, in my opinion, is a better Spider-Man than Andrew Garfield. His performance was like the best of Tobey Maguire's Spider-Man and Andrew Garfield's Spider-Man, though the Sam Raimi universe (despite Spider-Man 3) resonates with me more than this film.Michael Keaton gave a great performance, though it's nothing we haven't seen before, and despite the villain's motivations being a little underdeveloped, Vulture is certainly one of the more memorable villains in the MCU, even though he's not called The Vulture in the film.Robert Downey Jr.'s performance surprisingly doesn't feel phoned in, though some of his scenes where he tells Peter off was kind of irritating. And the scenes where he saves Peter kind of ruined the intensity of the action scenes. Jacob Batalon, who plays Peter's nerdy best friend, was actually a pretty funny comic relief. There's also not many attempts at franchise building. Some of the characters felt like they were setup to play a more important role in the next film, but at least the movie doesn't delicate a long subplot to these characters (unlike Batman v Superman).Though I found very few flaws with the film, I can't say Spider-Man: Homecoming is a great film because at the end of the day, it is just another superhero movie, but it is very enjoyable and doesn't pretend to be better than it really is (unlike the DCEU). It is a bit too long though.	3
Begynte veldig dårlig. Fikk inntrykk av at det var en film før jeg burde ha sett, at denne var 2'ern. Tok seg opp etter hvert og ble bedre	3
Decent. It feels like a glorified iron man movie with a teenage feel to it. One of the things that made Spiderman who he was is having superpowers and most of what you see from him in this is just a bunch of stark tech.	2
Geared more to a younger audience.	2
10/6/2017 (2): A really enjoyable movie. A lot of good action and comedy.	3
Not as good as Sam Raimi's spidey films. Way too many lame attempts at humor with the kid playing spiderman. Best part of the flick is Keaton as the Vulture	3
Tom Holland is the perfect Spider-Man & Michael Keaton was great as the Vulture. It's extremely entertaining, action-packed & funny. Spider-Man Homecoming is the best spider-man film ever !!!!!!!!!!! 10/10	5
Teen angst in a super hero, no thanks	2
I FREAKING LOVE TOM HOLLAND	5
The movie is great and it is a great addition to the avengers franchise. The role of peter was played very well. However i feel that this is a movie for those who are fans of the movies but do not know much of the story. I found myself asking, "Who is Ned...and Liz????? Who are all of these characters. I understand they wanted ti make it more modernized but did they have to throw away every character except Aunt May amd the Vulture??? I mean they made the vulture WAY COOLER than the comic book but did they need to throw away all of the characters???	4
this time Spider-Man is coming out of Marvel and Iron Man doesn't like that he gives Birdman a hard day and they fall there's Mary Jane there's a lot of action the kind of stuff that you would normally see Spider-Man shoots his webs high up in the sky to get eyes in the sky and great acting thank you good night	5
If It wasn't for this film I would have never known Peter Parker was 15.	4
Really enjoyed this one. This actor was so believable as a young Peter Parker.	5
i hope they keep this going. this was good	5
On my top 3 marvel movies. It is thr,best spider man since Mugwire.	5
Coming from a massive Spider-Man fan, Spider-Man: Homecoming is what we needed from Marvel. This film is easily tied as the best Spider-Man film right next to Sam Raimi's Spider-Man 2.	5
Great flick. My favorite Spider-Man actor & adaptation thus far. I can't wait to see the next!	4
Die-hard fans of Spider-Man will probably find this movie entertaining but I found the movie average at best. The plot was more contrived and unbelievable than in prior Spider-Man movies. It is unclear in the opening scenes exactly why Peter Parker is dressed as Spider-Man and throughout the movies there are confusing jumps in the story. As in most movies based on Marvel characters, there are scenes of outrageous and unbelievable conflicts but in this movies the scenes are so unbelievable- Parker being bashed repeatedly without his protective outfit but coming out with not even a scratch- that it comes across as totally fake and a bit tiresome.	2
As a long time spidey fan I was really looking forward to the movie. But alas it wasn't a spiderman movie. It was generic and nothing like spiderman.Some jokes were funny but most of them were just plain.The movie was too long, nothing happen for long stretches at a time and the only thing that saved those stretches was, if anything, the vulture which I thought wasn't going to be a good villain, but he looked really cool.Spidey doesn't need a supersuit, he has his own powers and intelligence. But they made him look dumb and pathetic (a spiderman afraid of heights, seriously?)To top if off, they actor-colored established characters, which is something I seriously can't get behind. The "social commentary" made the movie really annoying.	1
Lo que para muchos puede parecer una mala idea para Marvel no lo es, y eso consiste en sacar a Spider-Man de su elemento. En este nuevo reinicio de la franquicia cinemática del Super Héroe más popular de esta editorial de comics, vemos a un Peter Parker más ingenuo y con más problemas de actitud que otra cosa; aunque en algunos momentos pueda ser desesperante el espectador logra simpatizar con este Spidey adolescente que se enfrente a sus problemas cotidianos y a querer ser un héroe bajo la tutela del excéntrico Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.).En el universo cinemático de Marvel es común el ingrediente humorístico pero es inevitable no tenerlo con Spider-Man teniendo en cuenta que es uno de sus rasgos de personalidad más importantes, aunque en este caso no es algo deliberado sino que lo cómico de héroe arácnido va de la mano de su torpeza en el proceso de aprendizaje. El joven actor británico Tom Holland logra un retrato impecable del "araña" por su actuación como por su habilidad de realizar sus propias acrobacias.En esta nueva versión se deja de lado la historia de origen ya conocida por los fanáticos y no tan fanáticos de la franquicia y se empieza a narrar la historia dentro de la cotidianidad, teniendo en cuenta que Peter Parker ya había sido introducido al UCM en la guerra civil que ocurrió en la tercera entrega de Capitain América.Homecoming da la bienvenida oficial al héroe más grande de Marvel y le entrega un nuevo aire, cuenta con varios guiños al comic en el que los aficionados se toparan con trajes emblemáticos ya vistos en las revistas, valga decir que los actores de apoyo como Jacob Batalon, con quien la química en la comicidad es innegable, y la hermosa Marisa Tomei como la Tía May le dan un tono fresco al filme y su 173 minutos de duración.Es inevitable hablar del villano, quien se roba la atención en los momentos que aparece, El buitre es representado genialmente por el veterano Michael Keaton quien sin necesidad de ser el villano más perverso logra hacerle la vida a cuadritos al alter ego del estudiante de secundaria de Nueva York.Además de lo anterior, un giro inesperado y una referencia escondida a un personaje querido por los amantes del arácnido logran que la película, sin ser lo mismo que las anteriores capture a quien la ve hasta el fin de los créditos, donde se encontraran una de las ya consabidas escenas finales a las que nos tiene acostumbrados Marvel.	5
Best movie ever. It was so funny and everyone could watch it and enjoy the movie.	5
This is where the franchise should've started. Still comic-book cheesy, but without being dumb, and feeling dumber for having watched it.	4
It was pretty good I liked it. I wish Andrew Garfield was still playing Spider-Man but this kid did ok even thought he was a little annoying. And Robert Downey Jr is looking more and more good every day.	4
I was pleasantly surprised. Loved the new take.	3
This should be the last attempt to restart the franchise. If it fails beyond this so be it Tom Holland does a great job making us believe he is Spider-Man and hits most of the Peter Parker cues on the Head. Now correct me if I'm wrong wasn't the Vulture a villain who would suck the life out of his victims to have a Lazarus pit effect to make him young again or was this only in the '90s cartoon. Anyways my only real negative opinion on this film would me the over used amount of whining. Now me being a father of four you would think I would be used to this by now but even this film was too much and took me out of the movie some what. This movie is a BUY go out and add it to your collection	4
One of the best comic movies produced and definitely the best Spider-man.	4
I would say its the best Spiderman move made	5
While I enjoyed the energy and enthusiasm in this film, I found myself caring less and less as the minutes rolled on. Maybe just wasn't in the mood or maybe just on Marvel overload again. Either way, this was fun but had me simply hoping for something different next time.	3
By far, the most fresh, funny and amazing Spider-Man film to date!	5
Great movie ????????	5
Pretty worthless to me ultimately, but 2-stars worth of fun moments from Keaton and company.	2
Slightly disappointing in the lack of action and the jaw-dropping moment most Spider-Man movies have had to date. Nevertheless, it makes up for it with its consistency of fun, humor and self-awareness.	4
too much like the last 5 movies. Just a better Spider-Man	3
Definitely one of the better movies in the MCU. Despite being the third film incarnation of Peter Parker in the last 15 years, the movie remains entertaining, no doubt due to that Marvel movie charm that makes the MCU movies enjoyable. Unfortunately, this also hinders the film. Due to its presence in the MCU, it is also bound by general MCU standards, which are strictly popcorn-flick only. This prevents many possible emotional moments that could have been in the film. Many people, as with most reboots, are comparing this movie to the previous Garfield and Maguire movies, but the truth is that it is very difficult to compare them, since each series has its own unique tone. This is more of an action-oriented one. So, if you're looking for a nice, lighthearted superhero flick, this is definitely for you, However, if you're looking for the Rami-series style melodrama, this does lack in that.	4
A great start to a fresh spidey experience. This movie has everything that makes Spider-Man great, from the witty dialogue to the intense action sequences. Tom Holland's portrayal of Peter Parker/Spider-Man was spot-on. Peter Parker was young and awkward as he was written to be, and spidey was funny and had a new feel to his personality, making this my favorite Spider-Man portrayal.	4
A great addition to the Spider-Man franchise. New and younger actors bring life to the character.	4
IT WAS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	5
Rotten Tomatoes review:Spiderman: Home-comingCriteria: Scale of 1-10Graphics/videography: 8Dynamic of Characters: 10Quality of Actors: 10Plot: 7Entertainment: 10Overall the movie was entertaining. The actors were amazing and really brought their characters to life. However, I do wish there was more expansion at the end of the movie on what was to happen to Tom in the future. I would recommend to this movie to anyone who wants a good laugh and loves watching action! The score is 45 out of 50 , an A rating!	5
The funnies scene is the last scene. WTF.	2
This is an absolutely brilliant Spider-Man movie. I genuinely walked in not expecting a lot, that way I wasn't going to be unhappy with the result. But it surprised me how good it was. The action is perfectly paced and the cast deliver brilliant performances throughout. Keaton really shines here, but the star is Holland who brings a fresh take to a well loved hero.	4
Very well-developed movie! Very entertaining	4
Best Spiderman movie by far$	5
Absolutely perfect! We FINALLY found the real life Peter Parker! So much fun.	5
Peter is a nerd. no wonder everyone wants to beat him up.	4
A great Marvel villain with a good twist!?	4
amazing, the best one yet!!!! tom Holland is amazing and the perfect Spiderman!!! 10/10	5
Tom Holland was perfectly casted as Peter Parker/Spider-Man. It was refreshing to see the webbed hero in his proper form: a high school teenager who is trying to balance being a normal kid and having superhero abilities.	5
Too much social commentary interjected into this movie. it ruined what could have been an enjoyable flick. "Protest is patriotism" ... are you f'ing kidding????	1
Everything Ultimate and Amazing tried, Homecoming became.	4
my inner nerdiness needs to see again	5
There is, of course, the question of "why" that comes along with this film. Haven't we already been here? Twice? The answer is "no, we haven't". With mucho respect for Spidey creator Steve Ditko, this is the one that remembers the primary rationale for Spidey love: he's a kid. He doesn't know everything. He's only just figuring things out for himself. He's the anti-Superman. So loosen up. And the film does, exuberantly. As well it diversifies the proceedings, updates the action to modern times. Sets the stage for what may follow w/o a great deal of emphasis that diverts from what you're watching. It's just a fun movie. Holland outshines his predecessors and grounding everything is Michael Keaton, whose villain doesn't want to take over the world, only wants his piece of it. A superb job by all.	4
It steals many ideas from the Raimi trilogy and amazing spiderman franchise, and that can get annoying. Many shots from the trailer isnt in the movie, the romance kinda sucks because it doesnt get resolved and the robot suit has so many gadgets it becomes convinient. But Tom Holland is great as spiderman/peter parker and michael keaton finally gives us a decent marvel villian aside from loki and it is entertaining as hell. Even though it feels like a ripoff	4
well, I shall start with the negatives. when the movie starts I miss Toby and Andrew. I am skeptical about this guy and the new trend of dark movies. However, I liked him in the movie Civil War but still I was not sure whether he would be able to handle an entire movie. Then other bad thing turned out to be him being aided by Tony stark , his friend knows his secret. He is no more a secret guy who operated alone. The old concept of an old aunt Mary and the sadness is missing too. He is not the spiderman we had in our minds except for the cockiness which I love. Then the villain as in most of his movies is not the out and out bad guy but somehow related to him.But when I watched the movie all my doubts were wrong. The age old spiderman cannot continue forever in this age of technology. So some changes are welcome. He later chose the same path of doing it by himself. This guy is amazing and the movie is super cool. I was so terrified by seeing movies like Logan and wonder woman getting popular that I thought the good old super fun movies will end. But thanks to this amazing flick they haven'tMovie is out and out entertainer with lots of action and fun moment. I enjoyed every bit of it. I will not say it is the best spiderman movie because all of those five were great in their own way but yes this is the movie I enjoyed the most. for me it leaves behind all those movies in terms of entertainment. I never thought this guy will surpass Andrew garfield in being more talkative and true to the character. However those movies, had some darkness or sadness so they were also amazing. But when it comes to enjoying a movie it is one of the best superhero movies in recent times. Tom holland is great and I would love to see him more. I would like to thank watts for not following stupid trend of dark movies.I would also like to mention Zendaya because she had a small role but she was really cool. I liked her.	4
Omg it was fantastic. Full of laughter and comedy. So good I recommend it	4
This is a good movie like after watching the movie the day it came out I enjoy it. Some critics go to far saying "The Best Spider-Man Ever Been Created" it's better then TASM films but not better than the raimi films. 9/10	4
almost up to the raimi first two and the captain America psa idea was inspired.	3
Spider-Man: Homecoming is perhaps Marvels best film in its versatile Cinematic Universe. It's not about a god; it's not about a billionaire; it's not about a super soldier; it's about an everyday kid who happens to inherit some incredible abilities, and marvel truly understands what makes that concept so special.A coming of age story, that takes the elements of what made Spider-Man 2 such a good film and made it much more intentional, endearing, and humorous. This is the best Spider-Man film yet.	5
This new take on Spidey shows a good natured, yet very clumsy, ambitious and erratic superhero. At times this version of Peter Parker, though a very likeable geeky millennial fanboy, lacks a bit of maturity and responsibility from its predecessors. The plot was thoroughly entertaining, even if it was heavier on comedic sight gags. Uncle Ben is barely mentioned in the film since he serves no purpose in the main story due to Tony Stark filling in as a father figure. Keaton as The Vulture was a top notch performance!	4
thankfully, it's NOT the type of comedy that has force or cheesy jokes, or nonsense.	4
This is how you done a reboot right. Spider-man: Homecoming one of the strongest entrance in the MCU so far, Jon Watts manage to keep the blockbuster spectable in second plan and the same time introduce a adventure full of heart and youth to a new generation of fans. Homecoming have a strong cast (Tom Holland is fantastic in the role), a smart script and a competent direction, all this to create one of the best superhero movies of the year and one of the best movies too. Spider-man is back on track and I loved everything in it. (4,5/5)	4
This is how you done a reboot right. Spider-man: Homecoming one of the strongest entrance in the MCU so far, Jon Watts manage to keep the blockbuster spectable in second plan and the same time introduce a adventure full of heart and youth to a new generation of fans. Homecoming have a strong cast (Tom Holland is fantastic in the role), a smart script and a competent direction, all this to create one of the best superhero movies of the year and one of the best movies too. Spider-man is back on track and I loved everything in it. (4,5/5)	4
Genialmente divertida bien actuada con una historia entretenida , me gustó	4
Three stars, just because the fat kid who is a horrible actor, annoying, and just a filler-role. No value add. Otherwise, the movie was ok. It did lack a bit of character development or relationship development. For example, Liz and Parker. Hopefully, they will do better in the next one.	3
Loved the casting, 5 stars just for the casting.	5
Loved it! Tom Holland really captured the traditional Peter Parker persona with the right touch of intelligence, sweet naivete, humor and physical agility. Five stars!	5
Exhausting both in action and dialogue, missing the old Spiderman charm.	3
comedy, action, everything you want more than 5 stars	5
Great Movie. Funny ending âWhat The Fâ?	4
the best part of this Spidey flick, no origin story.	4
Tom Holland is the best Peter/Spider-Man hands down!!! Can't wait to see more of him in Infinity War	5
Great movie great acting the best marvel villan	5
I really enjoyed Spider-Man: Homecoming a lot, it was definitely a fun movie and I was never bored with it. This is a special Spider-Man movie because it is tied in with the Marvel Cinematic Universe which is something that all fans have always wanted to happen for a long time. Well, our dreams finally came true when it was announced back in February 2015. Tom Holland nailed the role of Peter Parker and Spider-Man, he definitely captured the essence of this character beautifully. You can tell he is a high school student having regular high school problems which makes him more relatable. The action is great in this movie, it's fun seeing Spider-Man swinging around New York and fighting off criminals. Jacob Batalon was hilarious as Peter's best friend Ned and it was interesting for Peter to have a best friend who already knows his secret identity and helps him out with the crimes. Michael Keaton was great as Adrian Toomes also known as the Vulture. He doesn't feel like a typical Marvel villian who wants to take over the world, he is definitely the opposite of that. Zendaya was great as Michelle, she wasn't in the movie a lot but she nailed every scene she was in. Laura Harrier was also good as Peter's love interest Liz Allan. The only problem I have with this movie is that they reference the MCU when they didn't need to in some scenes, I felt like in some of those scenes, we needed to focus more on Spider-Man since this is his own movie. Overall, I loved this movie and it is definitely one of the best Spider-Man movies since Sam Rami's Spider-Man 2, I would watch it again for sure.	4
A great Spidey Flick after a really long time. Tom Holland was simply spectacular as the young web slinger. I cant wait to see more of him in the future Avenger movies, as well as the solo Spiderman movies. But a special mention must be made for Michael Keaton's Vulture who dominates every scene he is in. Finally we have a great villain in a Superhero film. This film was refreshing to watch because the Spiderman in this film is an amateur and is not too sure of himself and his abilities. That is one of the things that makes you root for him because you really care for him as he is an underdog. Overall, this is easily one of the best MCU movies and the 2nd best Spiderman movie after Spiderman 2	4
Spider-Man Homecoming is a lot funnier than I thought it was going to be. I enjoyed most of the action and the plot was decent.	3
Lousy. Suicide Squad was better than this!	2
The best spider man movie thus far, lower on the totem pole of marvel movies though.	3
Best Superhero film since The Dark Knight. Also Best Spider man Movie of all time, And MCU movie of all time.	5
Si on peut se demander le réel intérêt d'un nouveau film de l'homme-araignée, il est force d'admettre qu'on as tout de même droit à un très bon divertissement et plutôt que de jouer la carte d'un 3ème "origins movie", on nous offre plutôt un film où le héros est déjà en pleine période d'apprentissage. Tom Holland s'approprie très bien le rôle et devrait apporter un plus dans les prochains films du Marvel Cinematic Universe.	4
The best Spider-Man movie you could make. Holland does a good job if at timeshe seems a bit too awkward. Keaton is Keating, which is a good thing. Zendaya is the perfect pepper to the recipe. Good movie.	4
Super cute, fun, and lighthearted. A little cheesy at times but a super entertaining movie! Tom Holland is an amazing Spider-Man.	4
7/10 a little juvenile... a bit fun and polished though	3
Um reboot algo teenager..... não é mau mas a versão do spider antes desta para mim continua a ser melhor. Mas está muito bem feito.	3
This one is definitely better than the amazing spider man duology but still there is something missing in this one. The acting , the direction the film took, character development are great. I'm definitely expecting a sequel.	3
Usually superhero movies are always preictable in the end......This movie to was predictible at the end .....But ....showing the change of heart from the bad guy......and also the scene with captain america .....was entirely different . Marvel did a great job	4
Really bad movie; his friend is about as annoying as possible..brutal and he's in a lot of scenes. They use the SJW narrative throughout. Pretty bad flick. Made for a really young audience.	1
I like this movie so much the best spider man movie ever I give this movie 10 out 10	5
Dont get me started on the creepy men hitting on Aunt May.... Toby reigns in my books but it was a solid piece.	3
Best Spider-Man movie I have ever seen. I love Tom Holland's representation of this hero. Lively, and *somewhat* childish without being irritatingly immature. I can't wait to see another.	5
Full of Shit Amateur Marvel's Collection Movie.	1
This is probably my favorite movie of all time. The twist where peter's crush's dad was the vulture was genius and near the end where peter is stuck in the rubble and he's crying was so emotional. He felt like a little kid who just let out all his emotions, wanting to prove himself as a hero, but not in a whiney way. The comedy was great. When they put flash in peters kinda group of friends was also genius. My only complaint was that there was too much high school-y stuff.	4
Where do I start? To call Spider-man homecoming Boring is a major understatement. This movie was maybe on par with a Disney channel made for T.V. movie with an extremely poorly put together story, some of the worst CGI I've seen in a long time for a large budget film, and a supporting cast that seemed more like they were there more as set pieces to remind the audience that the studio is "inclusive". The motivations made little to no sense, with a villain that goes from being an average everyday working guy to evil mad genius in 2 minutes, and just so happens to have a guy working for his construction company that can manipulate alien tech? What luck right? The setting was so bland I couldn't tell weather the movie was set in New York or some random city in Canada. Whereas in the previous incarnations of Spider-man on screen the city was a living breathing character, and now with how well the city of New York is being utilized in the Netflix Marvel series this movie just fell flat with using the setting that plays such a huge role in the characters history! The story was about nothing, and the most dangerous character in the story was Spider-man himself! No one was in danger until Spider-man showed up. The supporting characters were annoying, and some of them made the movie worse , 'cough' Xendaya 'cough'. I did not feel like I was watching a Marvel movie, I did not feel like I was watching a Spider-man movie. At the end of the movie I was glad it was over, I completely expected the set up for a squeal at the end of the movie and again it felt like a set up for a Disney channel straight to T.V. movie. I get the die hard Marvel fans will support anything Marvel releases and it will make money, I truly believe this movie made so much money because it appeals so much to families with small children. I would like for Sony to go back to making Spider-man films, they were not doing that bad of a job!	2
best Spider-Man film yet	4
Pretty good reboot, Tom Holland is excellent as Peter but Michael Keaton's Vulture is perfect. Look forward to the sequel when Spideys powers really come to the fore	4
Would have been an awesome movie without all the SJW crap.	2
Pues no estuvo mal, no supera a las de Sam Raimi pero si a las the amazing	4
Spider-Man Homecoming:- Great Acting (particularly Tom Holland and Michael Keaton)- Comedy lands perfectly- Very Well-Directed- Interesting Villain with a surprising amount of depth to him- Perfectly paced- Good Action Scenes- Fantastic Technical Aspects (VFX, Sound Design, Cinematography, etc.)- Fantastic portrayals of both Spider-Man and Peter Parker- Fun Characters (including certain cameos)- Very fresh take on the story of Spider-Man/Peter Parker- Terrific ScriptCons:- Emotional scenes are a bit underwhelming compared to the emotional scenes in Spider-Man 1 & 2Overall: A (9.5/10)	4
Great movie and must see	5
It was alright. Pretty realistic for a marvel movie, it would've worked a lot better if they focused on making it also more badass. Like the second cap America. It was realistic and badass. This is realistic and funny, but actions are mediocre at best.	3
I don't care what you say, this is the best Spider-Man movie to date.	5
Degraded a classic Marvel hero into a mediocre teenage coming-of-age flick...	1
Good enough I miss black widow...	4
the best Spider man movie ever, love this one so much (y)	5
Hilarious. Very well done. I would have liked to see the origin story but it was good without it.	4
changed way to many things i love spidey but they dropped the ball here	2
Guardians of the Galaxy 2 was an early win for Marvel. However they were soon slapped right in the face by DC with Wonder Woman. With Spider-Man Homecoming, the MCU slaps right back with maybe it's best solo hero movie ever. With the last three Spider-Man movies being disappointments, it's nice getting a Spider-Man film that's very enjoyable. Tom Holland is the definitive big screen Spider-Man. He really sells that he's just a kid not some 25 year old adult man playing a 15 year old high school kid. The comedy is spot on, especially with the lines delivered by the characters Ned and Michelle. Flash Thompson has taken a huge change in this movie from being your cliche cartoonish bully to being a more modern depiction of a bully which I thought really worked. The action is pretty good however it falls flat compared to other Marvel movies, and action has always been an important part of every Spider-Man movie. The Vulture played by Michael Keaton was phenomenal. This is probably one of the best MCU villains in a long line of weak antagonists. You really understood his motivations and why he hated Tony Stark, which leads me into my next topic: Iron Man. Everyone suspected Iron Man would take over the movie and it would turn into Iron Man 4. That is completely false, this is totally a Spider-Man movie, and Iron Man works great in this movie as a father figure. Overall, I loved Spider-Man Homecoming and I think it is a worthy edition not only to the MCU, but also to the Spider-Man saga.	4
Spoilers alert: No, no, no, why!! why! & Everything was going so goddamn well too, maybe not every villain needs to know the identity of SpiderMan WTF, this guy is a low-class villain, it's freaking Vulture, introduction of Vulture doesn't need to know the identity of freaking Spider-Man what WTF, why?!! why!? ð~¢ð~­ An hour & 30mins into the movie, just perfect, everything was just great, and out of the blue, out of no where, he finds out who Spider-Man is in one car ride, brilliant deduction detective Watson, really!?!?!! common, fuck!!! so new, SpiderMan, and what two villains now know who the identity of Spiderman is??!! You got Vulture who identified him and then you got Shocker who was waiting for him right outside the school, . . . sad, so sad, really disappointed. Okay that last part with Aunt May, was acceptable, but not the villains', villains' too soon man, too soon. Okay but really that's the only complaints I really have about this movie, overall everything else was fantastic & just plain phenomenal, it would have got an even higher rating from me if it wasn't for that. Maybe the next Spider-Man will be even better but for now it's a decent Spiderman movie, not the best, not the greatest, just decent enough to satisfied my love for Spiderman. Also I'm so glad they introduce Shocker in this film, Shocker way better than Rhino. Shocker > Rhino Also to add-on: love the Spider-Man costume, love the one he got from Tony Stark even the one he's wearing after Tony took away his Tech costume. All in All, I can't wait for the next Spiderman movie!! Over all I give it 4/5â~ it could of been 5/5, I was really hoping this was going to be it, this was going to be the SpiderMan, I'm a bit butt hurt & disappointed but oh wells, what can you do, I patiently wait for the next one, here's hoping it's better than this one ð¤ð¤	4
One of the most enjoyable of all Marvel movies.	5
Finally one of the best spider man movies since 2002. Tobey Maguire was a good Spiderman/peter parker and Andrew Garfield was also a good Spiderman/peter Parker but Tom Holland was a great choice for the role of Peter Parker and Spiderman. Michael Keaton as the vulture was a great choice for this movie. Love this movie and would definitely see it again. Would highly recommend you to watch this movie if your a big Spiderman fan.	5
Had high hopes. Felt like I was watching a big budget high school production. Sorry Billy Elliot, leave the stage acting on Broadway. Even though Toby has a dumb face, still a way better Spider-Man.	1
The funniest movie in MCU. Lots of fun.	5
Fantastic performance by Michael Keaton as always. Great cinematography and action scenes. But the cherry on top has to be the humor. Awesome movie, definitely looking forward for the next adventure of our new friendly neighborhood Spiderman	4
Good action and comedy, mixed in with some teen school growing up moments. Less dark than some of the other Marvel/Avenger superhero movies.	5
On spider man 2 levels	4
Besides the fact that it has lighter story compared to Sam Raimi's trilogy or the Amazing series dwilogy, it makes Spider-Man Homecoming easily consumable by all ages, whether you're a kid or an adult.Sorry Tobey and Andrew, Tom just gave the performance that returning Spider-Man to its original comic version. I had some pretty good laugh while watching this movie.I will not talking about the plot, but make sure you watch the first 10 minutes of the movie since it is the one that linking the Spider-Man to the event after Civil War happened.For the scene after the movie, it has 2 short scene. Make sure you don't miss the second one since it will make you laugh hard enoughThe only missing timeline for me is the event that happened 8 years ago, I think the Avengers is released in 2012 which is 4 years ago #MarvelFanBoyBut overall, it is the best Spider-Man Movie, as a whole movie so far (Spider-Man 2 still the best when it comes to the story), especially since Tom Holland totally nailed it as Peter Parker	4
Rating: 88%Featuring an action-packed and humorous plot as well as a remarkable performance from Tom Holland, Spider-Man: Homecoming is further proof that the MCU is far from declining in quality.	4
Best Spidy movie ever.	5
a very good story. very entertaining	4
Spider-Man swings into the Avengers Universe in his first stand-alone film (if such a thing is possible) in Spider-Man: Homecoming. After his battle with the Avengers in Berlin, Peter Parker returns home hoping Tony Stark will call on him again, but when he doesn't Peter tries to prove himself by tracking down a rogue group of arms dealers that are selling next generation weapons on the streets of New York. Tom Holland does a good job as the latest incarnation of Peter Parker/Spider-Man, giving a fresh new take on the character, and Michael Keaton makes for a compelling villain. There are also a lot of nice tie-ins/references to the Avengers. And, the fight choreography and special effects are especially well-done (though the Spider-man suit seems a little too souped-up with gadgetry). However, the stakes don't seem all that personal or dyer, and Peter lacks his usual drive and motivation to fight crime (i.e. Uncle Ben's death). Yet despite a few minor flaws, Spider-Man: Homecoming is a thrilling and action-packed adventure that brings Spider-Man back into the Marvel fold.	3
A rare enjoyable Spiderman film which doesn't focus on the origin story. With an enjoyable twist and a compelling story. The movie was overall well thought out and it slotted perfectly into marvels little movie money making machine. And with a excellent cast this movie really revives Spiderman.	3
Finally! We have our definitive Spider-Man :^D	4
Best spider-man yet!	5
Spider-Man: Homecoming, as the first Spidey flick to be produced by Marvel proper, does what Sony never had the balls to do and tells an origin story, without the brooding bits about responsibility that encompasses Spidey's origin. However, in doing so they have completely revitalized the character and allowed for us to be invested in his story again.	4
OVER RATED!!! OVER RATED!!! Changes to long-time Spidey characters coupled with boy genius Peter Parker subserviant to a suit not of his making hurts the ongoing saga of the Marvel Universe's most interesting super hero. He is not Iron Man, Junior!	2
Spider-man finally comes home to join the MCU, diving straight in when we last saw Spidey in the midst of Captain America Civil War. This is more of a high school coming-of-age comedy than a comic book action. It explores the different relationship dynamics of high school student Peter Parker with his friends. Worth noting was a interesting and fresh take on the villain The Vulture. Spider-man looks to be on a good start back again, for the third time.	4
"This is real Spider Man."	3
Funny and spontaneous. It is not the usual superhero story.	4
I really enjoyed the perspective that this movie provides by following a young Spider-Man as he navigates his personal life. This movie also avoided falling into the trap of including too many villains all at once. My only problem is that there are some continuity problems regarding Spider-man's abilities that to my knowledge were not addressed outside of the film. Still a very good movie despite this.	4
This was so good. I loved this movie. I enjoyed it so much. The end was kinda flat. Only because we knew Aunt May was going to freak out. But still great! The time when Peter's friend, said I'm watching porn. XD that was funny lol. Lmao on that part. Great so far! But there was something missing. He should've taken the suit, since I thought he was going to be in another movie... I know that now.	4
It was one of the best Spider-Man films I've seen, but I wished they would've put more fighting scenes between Vulture and Spider-Man	4
getting old- but ok for a redo	3
What a summer blockbuster should be: fun, exciting and smart.	5
The first Spiderman that wasn't depressing. Loved the focus on real teen angst. Keaton was a great bad guy, as always.	5
This is a really good movie especially if you don't usually love super hero movies.	4
Good, good. Still prefer Toby Maguire	3
Great time at the movies	1
Spider-Man homecoming	5
Spider-Man homecoming	5
Juvenile from beginning to end. I loved the acting of the villain. the story was hokey and totally unrealistic. who was the target audience? Wait to see it FREE on TV.	1
The best spiderman movie ever	5
This movie was awesome!! One of my favorite Marvel movies!	5
Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark plays an awkward authority figure, and Peter's friendship with Ned falls flat--Peter doesn't seem to care about Ned, and Ned isn't as funny as the movie wants him to be.	2
spider man is back with marvel hell yeah	5
Brilliant. Just brilliant.	4
Another good spiderman movie, too bad we had to suffer through two bad ones to get here.	4
This is the best Spiderman movie since the first one with Tobey Miguire. Tom Holland brings the perfect mix of awkward Peter Parker and wants so badly to be a hero Peter Parker. The addition of Robert Downey Jr makes the movie better as he tries to teach Peter how to be a hero but also not over reach it gives the movie a different perspective then any superhero movie in my memory. I hope Sony keep this relationship with Disney and Marvel allowing Spiderman to stay relevant.	4
A good reboot of the franchise. If you are a stickler for a traditional Spidey movie it may disappoint	3
Its a typical MCU movie. Very enjoyable and very fun but once again lacking any serious stakes for the audience to be truly invested.	3
Fun, Fast, and Funny. Spider-Man Homecoming understands the importance of Spider-Man while not dwelling on the past. Strong and relatable makes Spider-Man a big win.	5
I mean, yeah, it was pretty cool, but I guess I'm just getting a little burned out on all these reboots.	3
Leave it to Disney to finally get Spider-Man right.	4
Amazing and fun! Best Spidey movie since Toby! Even better!!	5
Awesome, as always. This movie is much better than any of the other "Superhero" movies I've seen for one main reason. It actually gives the person living in it a life outside of Superheroism. I greatly recommend this to people of all ages.	5
This was a fine movie that was well crafted and will give Spider-Man fans exactly the kind of Spider-Man they wanted to see on the big screen which is also anchored by a terrific performance from Tom Holland. It lacks intensity and anything truly unique making the movie feel very safe but is definitely a fun ride worth the watch.	4
Aside from the SJW casting this is a great take on an a classic	4
Best Spider-Man so far! Marvel studios keep it up!	4
I got caught up in the characters and didn't see the Zinger coming	3
who ever rated this lower than a 4 are die hard DC fans	5
Best Spider-Man in Years!!	5
If five movies of pretty much the exact same hadn't come before this movie would've been 20x better but if you've seen any of those five before you know what's gonna happen.	3
It was a great movie and refreshing look at the The world of Peter Parker and Spiderman.	5
Spiderman Homecoming reinventing the childhood sensation I felt when I first watched Tobey Maguire swinging his webs. Homecomings expertly combine's comedy with seriousness making this a truely entertaining film to watch.	5
I would put this at #2 on my favorite spiderman movies behind spiderman 2 great movie overall very funny with alot of heart and tom holland kills it as spiderman	4
I liked this movie, it's a fun superhero film, but i hated this version of Spider-man! The character is all about a teenager struggling to learn how to use his super-powers, but here, Stark gives him a suit and now he's a completely capable hero. And the support characters, especially the chubby best friend, are kind of annoying. The exception is Volture, wich was a great character and was played fantastically.	3
Directing is great writing is great for the most part the acting is great the action is great the humour works the villain is interesting flaws you don't feel the danger like the first two Sam Raimi movies it got some slow parts some times the humour doesn't work	4
Fresh and new spiderman	5
This is already one of my favourite movies because I feel like it would've played out the same way if I were spider man	5
Meh. Not my favorite but okay. Too lengthy for my tastes, too much backstory (that we already know). For me, the movie didn't get interesting until the end, and by then...Meh.	2
Finally, New York is a living, breathing part of the series. And the cast is very diverse, so it looks like New York, too. Product placement was less egregious here than compared to previous entries (Dr.Pepper, anyone?), but I'm still taking a star off for it. Marvel / Sony has enough money now to stop doing that.	3
The Spider-Man that fans and newomers alike deserve, and have been waiting for since 2002 gave us our first look at the bug guy. This movie captured him well, giving him layers and forcing the character to discover more about himself before he truly becomes who he can be. It did not impulsively make him all-knowing and powerful and able to save the world right off the bat. His mentoring scenes with Iron Man really worked well to drive the story, showing the challenges of being a hero. He was menaced by a villain that was neither too dark nor too simplistic. He had a darkness about him that was shown to be for a purpose. The sidekick was a nice touch, but it was not necessary as he took away from many of the scenes he was in. The one thing lacking for me was motivation for the villain's helpers as they were never shown to be benefiting in any way from their part of a scheme that netted the main villain success and riches.	4
A terrific superhero movie. Full of hilarity and kickass action scenes and with a great villain in Michael Keaton's Vulture (great acting and CGI). There's also not 1 but 2 big surprises in the film. I'd rank this as the 3rd best superhero movie I've seen, just behind The Dark Knight and Spider-Man 2.	5
J'ai aimé. L'autre série Amazing Spiderman était de trop. N'amenait rien de neuf.	3
I absolutely love Spider-man and Tom Holland does a great job playing the webhead and the dork behind the mask. The modernized cast has chemistry and this movie is really funny. Michael Keaton is solid as the villain and there is a certain twist in there that actually had people gasping in the audience. The final battle scene, however, was spoiled by the trailers and pretty bland. It didn't pull down the movie as a whole, though.	4
Best Spider-Man movie of all time!!	5
I felt slightly robbed that the film did not included how Peter became Spider-Man but understand its part of the bigger Marvel Movie storyline. Overall enjoyable the big question is how will they follow on from this in the 2nd movie.	3
It's surprisingly fun and genuine, other than the usual Marvel cliches it is a solid movie even outside of the MCU.	4
I find it heart-warming that Sony was able to work out a deal with Marvel Studios to give Spider-Man the movie he deserved. Tom Holland is Peter Parker in my book now; his innocence and humor fit the character in a way no previous version has. Michael Keaton as Adrian Toomes/The Vulture was a great choice, he was able to deliver a terrifying sociopath with subtle hints of menace. My favorite scene was where Adrian Toomes is driving Peter Parker to Homecoming and the conversation takes a dark turn as they start to figure things out about each other; I was in awe at how well this scene was executed as it relied so much on acting and subtext. I did have an issue with the movie's "reverse white-washing" (I guess you would call it?). I feel that it's too distracting and unnecessary to change the race of previously established characters for no reason. Although I'm not against having more diversity in media, it's just distracting and unsatisfying to see a character with very specific traits changed for no reason, especially after they captured Spider-Man/Peter Parker so well.	4
good solid reboot with a real set of kids playing the parts the film is marvel meets john Hughes	3
It was good. I'm hoping all goes well with the upcoming ones.	3
Awesome movie and great addition to the marvel universe	5
I get that this is a movie, and a superhero movie at that, but the last fight scene was not quite realistic enough for me. It was nice and flashy, very Marvel-esque, and arguments can be made for why it played out the way it did, but that's really my biggest complaint about the whole movie. In fact, I only have one other one: nobody, not even the kids in the smartest competition in America, asked questions about whenever Peter left, and only the main antagonist was able to piece together that Peter was Spidey. Other than that, I loved it: the twist caught me completely off-guard, the dialogue with Karen was hilarious, and the character development was fantastic. I highly recommend watching the movie if you haven't seen it yet.	4
Your standard Marvel fare, though much more socially conscious, and entertaining than something like Guardians 2.	3
esily the best spider Man	3
It is a great and funny story! By far one of the best spider man movies I've seen. Can't wait to see more.	5
A decent revamping of the Spider-Man series to bring it into the Marvel world. Really liked the story line they chose for the villains as common men in a world tarnished by Avengers epic battles. It was right up there with the world of the Incredibles. I think the roles were really well cast except. There was too much Happy banter and the ending felt very sudden considering how planned out the crime was set in play initially. It was good but could have been better. I hope there is a directors cut with alt ending and the one that was in the film was just to meet producers and executives requests.	3
Spiderman movie was meh.	3
Everything you could expect in a Marvel Cinematic Universe movie. Loved Michael Keaton but there wasn't enough of him, the one suspensful scene in the car talking to Peter was far and away the best scene in the movie, and the other 90 minutes paled in comparison. I was hoping for something different but got the same hero beats bad guy with 1 moment of suspense. Not a bad movie by any means but I would never choose to watch it again.	3
best spider man so Far	5
didn't like it at all	1
Spiderman, Spiderman Does whatever a spider can	4
Finally a Spider-Man movie that does justice to the character. Doesn't try to revisit old material from past Spider-Man movies. A young relatable Peter Parker just trying to do the right thing and become the hero he is destined to become.	5
One of the best superhero movies of the decade.	4
This film was a amazing film for the new Spider-Man. It was amazing to get a awesome Spider-Man movie again. We hadn't got a good Spider-Man film since Spider-Man 2. I was impress with this film and hope that this Spider-Man will do good with the Marvel Comic Universe!	5
I see now why they made another Spider-Man. Which I was against but walking out of the theater I'm glad I saw it. More about the avengers and how Spider-Man will become apart of their group than Spider-Man himself, but still great.	5
Le ha brindado un poco de vida a la casi extinta saga de spider man, la vuelta de tuerca es de agradecer. Buena peli para pasar el rato.	3
I heard it was good, but was pretty impressed at how good it really turned out to be.	4
great movie, but as a fan I was disappointed they made Peter so much younger than the comics.	4
Another production that goes to the younger audience, for people who just beginning adventure with the superhero cinema. Lowered the bar and the age of the actors in my opinion is the biggest disadvantage of this production. Once again, we get impatient Peter Parker trying to be cool with his peers, while showing that he means something to the public and is a good fit for the Avengers.	3
Not sure we needed another Spider-Man film even though he's my favorite since I was a kid. So I went into this not expecting much. I did love Holland in Civil War so this might be cool & it was. Very happy with the film and the direction it took. Keaton was also great. Spider-Man is back and better than ever.	4
Spider-Man: Homecoming is about a boy named Peter Parker who has the ability to climb up walls, and to sense a fly buzzing from two blocks away, and for comic book fans, we all know what this is about. Spider-Man: Homecoming doesn't explore the origins o Spider-Man, but it more or less shows Peter Parker growing and maturing into an adult, and someone with the discipline to use his powers wisely. For me Spider-Man has always been a big part of my childhood, I grew up loving the Toby Maguire movies, yes even three, and I also loved the animated series. When the Andrew Garfield renditions came out I loved them too. So I was a bit hesitant going into this movie, I tried not to have too high expectations, as not to be let down if it was lackluster, now I can assure you, it was not lackluster in the slightest. This is my favorite take on Spider-Man yet, with solid performances from everyone, a great and emotional plot, and crazy stupid fun action from start to finish. Spider-Man: Homecoming is a great movie for comic book fans and avid film-goers alike. Even to the everyday person who doesn't get into movies much I think will enjoy this. For me this movie just took everything from all the Spider-Man movies that I loved and though was perfect, and meshed it all together. It was a fun blast from start to finish and I highly recommend seeing it.	5
Classic superhero movie, best spiderman yet, finally!	5
Movie was good and funny ??	4
A pretty good Spider-Man movie. I think that the quality of the movie is weakened in general by the fact that it is about a high school student, which leads to several awkward moments. Overall, it was a good Spider-Man movie, just not that great a Marvel super hero movie.	3
This is a great action movie and Tom Holland is SUPER HOT!!! It has great acting in it from Tom Holland and Michael Keaton.	5
Another great film for the MCU of Marvel. It's Funny, entertaining and genius.	4
I have to say this spider-man is the one i've been waiting for. Tom Holland is the perfect spider-man and this movie itself is just awsome.	5
Best movie this year	5
I liked the movie. Tom Holland is amazing at being Spiderman, but i missed the beginning with him turning into spiderman. Like you just got thrown into the Avengers universe, and if you haven´t seen the Avengers movies or Captain America, you are pretty much lost.	4
Spider man homecoming is the 5th spider man movie attempted , and it is by far the best peter is a nerdy kid that people can relate to , it brings the best parts of the comics to life , and is a fantastic coming of age story, with one moment ware peter and spider man become one of the same , as well as being a superhero movie , it or saw has teenage drama moments and parts , that represent the kinda drama that modern kids go through, the ending is an extremely surprising part , and the humor is brilliantly pout to gather , My issues with this film would have to be the trailers tho mind there fun and show off what marvel has accomplished, but they give away a lot of the film , stuff I would have preferred to see in the film , mind I saw most of the them and still felt I had much to learn , if you looking for a film that you can just sit back and enjoy then this is definitely the one for you	3
I thought this was beautifully acted and the bakancedd storyline, with high action was superb.	4
Despite having a much better casted actor to portray Peter Parker/Spidey, this movie was damn awful. Definitely my opinion to be the worst Marvel/Disney Universe film to date. This films character, his story, & those casted around him are absolute crap (Thx again Progressive SJW Hollywood). I really disliked this film because of such weak characters, lack of depth, & the need to force already defined characters to redefine them...poorly. The writers butchered everything about Peter Parker what defines him. This films version of a Spidey persona was 1/10 of who Peter/Spidey is, what makes him so entertaining, to evolve & grow, what makes him relatable to the audience is non existent. Instead the film floods slapstick jokes & awkward scenarios to fill the void. Tony Stark was even annoyingly portrayed in this film. Some effects were nicely done, lighting, costumes were good, the soundtrack composed was cliche' which did not help the director much who didn't do an already crap story any justice. Editing was bad at times & could have been much better paced. The writing was lazy, the over utilizing of CGI effects & unrealistic sci fi tech to get out of scenarios made the film more cartoony than it needed to be. Granted, the film did right by not revisiting Spidey's origin story, which has been done to death, & can be tiresome for viewers. Instead it moves the story along in this new MCU with what we already are expected to know. With the exception of the horrible idea of eliminating the Shocker, this film actually gets a strong villain right. No end of the world garbage, just a self justified & self righteous criminal out for himself. The crush (love story) was a waste, phoney, & forced. An AI costume for Peter to talk with was incredibly dumb & a missed opportunity for viewers to relate.	2
Spider-Man done in a new and unique way but still staying true to what always made Spider-Man great.	4
Of the 6 Spider-Man films that have been made since 2002, this is easily the best. Tom Holland is the best of the three actors to portray the superhero - although many of my friends disagree and maintain Tobey Maguire is still their favorite. Holland is perfect for the roll as he is able to pull off being a high school nerd (not as well as Maguire), he looks like hes coordinated enough to actually be the Spider-Man (unlike Maguire), and he has great delivery of all the the cheeky, in battle one-liners. Not only is Holland a great actor for this roll, delivers all of this while still having a slammin bod! A common saying in film is that the movie is only has good as the villain. That being said, you'll be glad to hear that Michael Keaton plays the perfect villain in this movie! You are introduced to him early in the movie as a salt-of-the-earth contractor who works his butt off to provide for his family, only to get screwed over by the government (or some government agency). This leads him down a career path that eventually leads to him clashing with our friendly, neighborhood Spider-Man. However "illegal" his work may be, we know he is trying to provide for his family and only turned to crime after being screwed over while trying to make an honest living. The way director Jon Watts developed the bad guy to be more of a round character than the bad guys usually are really makes this movie even better - (compared to Ronan from Guardians of the Galaxy, who was "outraged by the peace treaty" and all he wanted was revenge and was just killing everyone to achieve it). When comparing this Spider-Man movie to the others, I do think that it holds a couple unfair advantages. It starts showing the daily life of Peter Parker after his involvement in Captain America Civil War. This negates even the possibility of what would have been a tedious "origin story" for the first 30 minutes of the movie. Instead, they were able to use the whole (ridiculously long) 2 hour 13 minute run time to develop the good vs. evil battle at hand. The second reason I think this movie has an unfair advantage over the other Spider-Man movies is that it is now fully encompassed in the Marvel CU. This allows for more than just one Robert Downey Jr. cameo, as well as a sick suit upgrade for Spidey without the movie trying to convince us that he sewed it together himself (lets be honest, no way Tobey Maguire would have been able to whip up a suit like that with a needle and thread).  This all being said, I am a movie consumer and could care less about any "unfair" advantage this film may have over its predecessors. I'm here for the best movie they can give us, which is why I like this one far more than the other Spider-Man movies.	5
It was ok. Really kind of unnecessary to reboot Spider Man AGAIN in such a short time span of SM movies. This was ok but not exceptional.	2
Newest Spiderman film that I watched back in July when it was released in theaters and I'm finally reviewing it. Let me tell you, I loved Civil War and loved this new version of Spiderman played by Tom Holland, so I was excited for the movie. I though the movie was great. The action scenes are great, the villain played by Michael Keaton started out like another weak Marvel Villian, but by the end of the film, he wasn't and was a great villian. Good acting and twists. Tom Holland's Spiderman was likable and his best friend. But there are some negitaves in this movie. Some of the scenes felt forced and although sometimes I wasn't amused with some of the scenes I wanted to be in. But those are my few negitaves. 4/5 Please Marvel don't take Spiderman out of the MCU.	4
I didn't like this at all..in fact, I fell asleep	1
With a great Cast, A Heartwarming and exciting Story, and A Great Leading Role. Spider Man Homecoming is the Best Spider Man movie to date.	4
The greatest Spider-man movie.	5
New Spidey character fun to watch, but in the end same old superhero format ? discovery, nemesis, climactic battle. Yawn.	3
Closest adaptation to the comics in my opinion, he´s a kid and is shown here	4
Great telling of a story. Matched with my expectation and looking for another of his appearance.	5
Best spiderman to date!	5
Packed with humor, heart and plenty of surprises, Spider-Man: Homecoming belongs in the upper echelon of the ever-expanding Marvel catalog - not to mention superhero movies themselves - and heralds plenty of spectacular adventures yet to come.	4
Spider-Man: Homecoming would be the best Spider-Man movie yet, and an excellent movie in general if every scene tying it to the Avengers franchise were removed. As it stands it is an episodically fun adventured punctuated by tedious, insufferable commercials for movies that we've already seen or which are coming soon. Michael Keaton's Vulture promises a compelling, complex foil to Tom Holland's Parker: the former is a downtrodden father whose working class realities are exacerbated by the Stark empire, pushing him to cynical, desperate violence; the latter is an orphan whose working class realities are transcended by a scholarship to a private school and generous tech allowance by the same Stark, which fosters both a sense of invincibility and idealism. But in the end all of this is reduced to a disruption in moving day for the Avengers, as though the worst crime anybody at Marvel studios can conceive of anymore is something getting in the way of their next big franchise tentpole installment. Like Parker himself, the movie is fun and charming, but ultimately ends up lost in the shadow of Tony Stark and the Avengers, and as a result I can't imagine it will ever have the impact on audiences that the first (or even the third) Sam Raimi film did.	3
Spider-man was good but Tony Stark worse. LOVED IT!!!!	5
It's alright. Marvel formula. Nothing that's going to be memorable in the history of film but entertaining. The car scene isn't half bad.	3
Maybe the best Spider-Man movie to date.	4
best movie this year so far.	5
"Spider-Man: Homecoming" is an absolutely incredible return for one of my favorite childhood superheroes, Spiderman. The plot was great, easy to follow, yet exciting, and new. The movie was able to keep me interested with a well paced action scenes and we'll placed comedic relief.	5
"Spider-Man: Homecoming" is an absolutely incredible return for one of my favorite childhood superheroes, Spiderman. The plot was great, easy to follow, yet exciting, and new. The movie was able to keep me interested with a well paced action scenes and we'll placed comedic relief. Obviously, the movie wasn't perfect though, as some areas seemed a little repetitive and predictable. This, along with certain points of the movie seemed to be leading to some important development only to end up dropping off, as if nothing really happened. This tendancy made the story seem a little bit rushed. Regardless, plenty of suprises and suspense made up for the few holes and occasional predictability.I really enjoyed the cast and I loved seeing some familiar faces like Donald Glover and Hannibal Buress on the big screen. I'm excited to see if they pick up from where they left off in this movie with another Spiderman movie or if he will make a return with a smaller role in the next Avengers. No matter what they do, I hope they'll give Tom Holland a big enough role to fill because your friendly neighborhood Spiderman is back and better than ever before.	5
A great take on the classic character of Spider-Man.	4
Fantastic. Very well done. Very loyal to the comics. Hilarious to boot!	5
I'm somewhat not surprised by the overall reviews that have been given for this movie. It seems that many like this film because it portrays Spider-Man more like a Spider-boy. I think if we were all honest, this Spider-Man(?) or Spider-boy is unrecognizable. He is way too young and Spider-Man has never, let me repeat, NEVER had to rely on some Iron Man like suit. The fact that he was bitten by a genetically enhanced super spider is what makes him great. He is able to hone in on the "spidey senses" and with super speed, agility, strength, and intelligence is able to overcome any obstacle or crisis thrown his way. He doesn't need a over-voice to help him, an iron-like suit, or even web-shooters (I know, I know, this was originated by Stan Lee in the comics for a period of time). Here's where we're not thinking though. If Marvel just has to put out a movie and we all think it's glorious, the best ever comic movie without honest critical analysis, Marvel's movies will just get worse. We should be holding them to higher expectations and we don't. Do people know that in the comic books, Spider-Man had been around quite a while before he interacted with the Avengers? I personally believe that Garfield made a better Spider-Man. He had the right tone, the right kind of passion coupled with humor, and the size actually to pull off a great Spider-Man. I wish we could bring him back.	2
Best Spidey film by far!	5
Was one of the better Marvel Movies	4
Ok ! Not exact what I expect !	4
Best spidey to date.	5
The new actor is annoying and too many changes to spiderman himself	3
Tom Holland is a great spiderman.	4
Awesome, funny, and more teenage-y than ever, this version of Spider-Man excellently gives him an identity that is both entertaining (like Garfield) and smart (like McGuire), and thankfully isn't overcome by the MCU or dragged down by Sony trying to be different.	4
It was fine. Nothing major. Another one to add to the mix of Spider-Man movies	3
Had low expectations for the third franchise installment, but came out with lots of laughs and action packed scenes. Michael Keaton definitely hits home with his role as bird man, sorry I meant the vulture.	4
Good movie, but had it's flaws.	4
this was an awesome movie. went with my boyfriend for opening night and it was super funny and action packed. i highly recommend! i dont even know much about spiderman but i still followed along and understood just fine. great movie	5
Love Spider-Man and his intro to the MCU, but can we stop with the Politically Correctness in EVERYTHING please? Movie was great though.	4
Spider-man is one of the all-time classics of great superheroes, and his popularity shows with all the movies and yearning for more. I enjoyed this movie a lot, with its great effects and Tom Holland as Spider-man did an excellent job. Did he need to have a mentor in Tony Stark? No, but it made for an easier introduction into the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and really reflected the way the modern cartoons are handling Spidey. Spidey never needed an AI-equipped iron man suit to do what he does, and he proves to be a hero with and without the extras in this movie.	4
This is the best Spider Man movie yet. Marvel nailed it when they casted Tom Holland.	5
Avoided much of what we've already seen in past SM films. Actor good as both Peter and SM, unlike past films where actor was good in one role but not the other. Villain was very relatable and not over the top. Funny, action-y, only mildly angst-y. Links to MCU well done.	4
this film is great, its way better then the amazing spider-man 1 and 2!	5
I just like tom?the movie is not so good	2
This movie would be great for a middle school audience but Marvel writers just can't help themselves. They throw inappropriate analogies and language in a movie that is clearly for a younger audience. Their identity crisis is becoming tiresome. Make up your minds!	2
Excellent,fantastic, funny!The soundtrack is good as the plot. The action scenes are insane and shivering mainly the tower scene,which Peter saves his colleagues. Another interesting aspect in the film is featured to Peter adolecence, his difficulties and his relationship with his colleagues and the girl he like.Tom Holland works very well as Spider man overcoming the previous actors that acted in the skin of the character before him.The vulture is a great villain, can say that he is one of the best villains of marvel cinematography universe, although he can't overcome Ego and Loki.Tony Stark has a little participation in the plot that don't steal the scene.I loved this movie! I recommend.Obs: the movie has two after credit scenes, so do not leave the cinema before see them.	5
I am really no Spiderman fan, but as there wasn't anything else that day, I opted for this and I was pleasantly surprised. Among the Spidie movies this was surely one of the better and more entertaining ones. Though I love Michael Keaton, he definitely doesn't make for a scary villain, but it is nice to see that he is still around. This flick is more on the light teenager attitude side, thus not really a movie that one has to watch, but one that might while away 135 minutes when you have nothing else to do.	2
Best. Spiderman. Ever.	4
Worst spiderman adaption - Poor action scenes , Medicore score , Awful CGI , flat jokes , The title homecoming only represents 10 minute in the film & its more about peter parker movie than a spiderman oneEven ASM 2 is better than this shit	1
I was hoping for better things from this movie. There was t much there for me at least. Too little kid movie. Thanks God for the staten Island ferry & Robert Downey Jr.	2
It wasn't a bad movie. I could have done without all the SJW propaganda forced down my throat in this adaptation.	2
It definitely isn't better than "Spider-Man 2", but if it's not as good as the first Sam Raimi's 2002 Spider-Man, it's very close. "Spider-Man: Homecoming is a very good new treatment of the Peter Parker/Spidey character, especially when you combine the action and the humor from the MCU with one of the most carismatic super-hero characters of all time!	3
Spider-Man Homecoming isn't the best Spider-Man movie. It's not even the second best Spider-Man movie. In fact, I can say that it's not even better than The Amazing Spider-Man (the first one). Both of those movies seek to achieve (but fail at) different things. Amazing Spider-Man failed under its own ambition (of being an untold story while not really telling anything), and Homecoming fails because of its lack of that same ambition. (I don't know which one is worse though.)There are no emotional stakes in this movie that I found to be engaging. It comes nowhere near close to the level of emotional impact that the first two Sam Raimi films had. Spider-Man Homecoming feels rather inconsequential and bland.The characters are fine, for the most part (except for the annoying friend of Peter Parker that tries too hard to be relevant for the story). However, they're not memorable. And if they are, then they are memorable for all the wrong reasons.Tony Stark is definitely a third wheel in this movie. I don't see why he needed to be in this movie. And I don't know why his tech had to be such a pivotal part of the movie. The fact that it was Tony Stark who designed the iconic Spider-Man suit makes this Spider-Man look like an inept child. Which he is (kind of).And I also couldn't past how inaccurate this movie was to the comics. I know, it's seems rather inconsequential to complain about comic book inaccuracies in an MCU movie (since they never cared for comics that much), but as a Spider-Man fan, it bothers me.Since when Aunt May is a hot milf that swears like a redneck? Since when Flash Thompson is a rich scrawny brown kid who has no physical attributes of a jock? Since when Vulture is a father of Liz Allen? Since when Tony Stark became the central figure of Spider-Man? Spider-Man was already a long-lived hero when Iron Man first appeared in the comics. Since when Peter was educated in a special school founded by Tony Stark? Peter Parker was going to a regular school for middle-class kids.But even despite its inaccurate interpretation of Spider-Man's history (with a lot unnecessary changes), and the lack of emotion and interest in its one-note story that has no identity of its own and uses someone else's work (*cough* John Hughes *cough*) as its framework, it's still decent enough to be entertaining.	3
Tom Holland did an outstanding job as the Spider-Man as I like him to be my most favorite spider man of all time. Better than Toby Micguire and Andrew Garfield.	5
Tom Holland was awesome as Spider-Man but The Spectacular Spider-Man is still my favorite version of Spidy.	4
Greta movie! I hope that Hollywood keeps FHIS actor and doesn't switch it up anymore!!!	5
Very funny! Not Quite Guardians funny or Ant-Man funny, but still funny!	4
Though all the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies to date have been entertaining, there hasn't been one as pure "fun" since the first Guardians of the Galaxy. Like many, I was surprised Marvel Studios managed to hammer out a deal with Sony to have Spider-Man appear in the MCU. However, I was worried he might feel shoehorned in, given how long the franchise had been running without his presence. In his first full-fledged appearance, I was relieved that my fears did not come true. I cannot add anything new that already hasn't been said about Tom Holland's portrayal of Peter Parker. What I was most impressed was how much he convinced me that how he truly wanted to impress Tony Stark (still supremely entertainingly played by Robert Downey Jr.) and become an Avenger. Most of us remember back to our teenage years and wanted not only to impress the world, but to also be seen as capable equals. The character's inclusion into this universe and Holland's acting allows just that. Overall, the cast is great, and hats should really go off to Michael Keaton's Adrian Toomes. Though I'm a huge Keaton fan, I was expecting the Vulture to be "just another" MCU villain that doesn't reach the heights of Loki or even the Red Skull. However, Toomes' portrayal (both in acting and writing) in this film places him in that upper echelon of villains, as not only can you empathize with his motivations, but at the same time he can be downright unsettling. If I have any complaints about this movie, it's that the middle felt slightly long. That doesn't mean it's not still entertaining, though, and it's really a very minor thing. Overall, one can watch this without having seen any of the other MCU movies, and maybe that's one of its greatest strengths. Though it certainly helps if you know who Iron Man is and watched the previous year's Captain America: Civil War, this manages to stand on its own legs. If you're just now looking to dive into this franchise and want to start with a newer installment, Spider-Man: Homecoming should easily be that one.	4
Overall, another great addition to the Marvel series.	4
Best Marvel Movie Ever.	5
I still love Sam Raimi's trilogy more, but it's way better than The ''Amazing'' ones.	3
this may go against the grain but honestly the movie was okay. Not good, the only saving grace for me was Tony Stark. Peter Parker/ Spiderman was very whiney and annoying to say the least. The suit alone was unnecessary and one of the most idiotic ideas they had. long story short, I didn't like the idea of spiderman this time around it was just very underwhelming.	3
The Spiderman we have been waiting for, that is all that need be said.	5
The movie itself is a type of connected sequel to the whole movie sequel. We've had many spider man movies and apperantly they were all good. Mostly, this one would be the worst one because they focus more on Spiderman saving the world instead of fighting with the main movie villain. In the other Spiderman movies, Spiderman both saved the world and fought the main villain. The Spiderman homecoming director needed to change mixed up stuff in his script. The boat breaking in half was a bad scene because iron man told peter parker to not be Spiderman anymore. That scene was just pure garbage and twisted the whole movie up for me. But, the action and the comedy was still pretty well made.	3
it just ok you can skip it	2
this film is epic in every way, comedy, plot twists, action, visual effects, cast, acting, and thrill.	5
A superhero movie without glitzing special effects but surprisingly awesome! They tell good jokes(those in Transformers 5 are typical examples of bad ones). Besides, it's really glad to see Pepper with TS again!!!	4
Spider-Man: Homecoming is not only a great superhero film because of strong acting and timely humor, but also because it stays true to the roots and real character of high school student, Peter Parker, and shows the hardships of being a hero and a kid at the same time.	4
this is the best marvel movie I have ever seen other than civil war you should watch it I recommend it!!!!!!	5
I just watched it last night. It is the coolest spiderman I 've ever seen. Hope the next show about spiderman .	1
without words, it's great !!! marvel did a great job with this character, with humor, action and a plot that is not complicated by developing conflict or development. Actually met my expectations.	4
A last a Good SpiderMan movie since SpiderMan 2.	4
Best spider-man movie by far. acting was great, story was great, and i am so damn glad to see michael keaton back in acting on a regular basis, movies just haven't been the same without him.	5
The movie was super bad especially the suit and more stuff	1
Spider-Man: Homecoming is fun with a genuine main character and quirky cast, it's great as both a high school, coming of age movie, and a superhero movie.	5
Spider-man: Homecoming has a spectacular cast, a great plot, and is all around good, popcorn fun. It also fits perfectly into the marvel cinematic universe, though it takes no risks, and, like nearly every other marvel movie, it is predictable. It is a generic superhero movie, but that isn't a bad thing.	4
Trying to remember this movie gives me a headache. There is not a single memorable scene in the entire thing, I actually forgot if I had seen it or not. Only remember the new guy was fun in the Avengers movie, in his own film it is just too much teenage angst. Oh I just remembered one scene: Michael Keaton in the car! Now that is the only reason to go see this film: Micheal Keaton! He just gets better and better.	2
The movie was so awesome!!! I'm so glad he's in the MCU/Marvel Cinematic Universe. Can't wait to see his next movie in 2019 and see him in the infinity war series. Don't get me wrong I loved all the Spider-Man movies but this one (in my opinion) is the bests one yet. All the actors were amazing especially Tom Holland. If you like action, comedy and romance this is movie is definitely for you.	5
Even though it is the third time they film the "first spiderman" in 15 years.. I must say they once again have done a good job. Sure, there things I'm not to proud about but still... Like creating a whole new spiderman just to keep up with the other films ( like ironman and avengers).. don't like that the suit came from Stark either... Spiderman doesn't really need a high tech suit.. we already have spiderman 2099 for that...	4
Not a big Spider-Man fan, but I can't wait to see more for Tom Holland!	3
This summer's crowd pleaser. So this is about a high school Peter Parker (Tom Holland). He lent his abilities to the Avengers in Civil War, but he still has classes to attend, so he remains a reserve. A new threat arises in his own backyard of Queens: the Vulture (Michael Keaton). Will Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) allow him to finally become a full-fledged superhero, or will he be forced to keep his seat on the bench? It took about a decade and a half, but Marvel finally managed to strike a deal with Sony to allow Spider-Man to exist within the Marvel universe. It gives the title of this an additional meaning if you've been keeping up with the logistics of the studios, and I feel like this is something that should have happened a long time ago. The positive reviews to this came out early and strong, and upon finally getting to see it, I completely agree: I think that this is the best Spider-Man movie to date by a sizable margin, and to further shame Sony, Marvel makes it look so damn easy. I believe that I was able to pinpoint why this feels so fresh, despite this being a reboot: this Peter Parker is one of the rare superheroes that actually wants to be a superhero. He's chomping at the bit, and it's a nice change of pace with so many heroes feeling like taking up the costume is a giant burden. Because of that, this winds up being incredibly fun, even by lofty Marvel standards. Now I by no means identify myself as being an authority on this character, but this is the most I have enjoyed the character in the past 15 years. It is taken to the next level with Homecoming, and it has everything to do with how Holland plays the character, as well as the lines he is given to deliver. He's such a goofball that is constantly geeking out about interacting with the larger than life egos in the Avengers, and he is so incredibly affable to the point of being infectious, which goes miles. What makes this so invigorating is that it is not the same origin story we've seen so many times before, it is actually a brand new tale. Integrating it with the rest of the Marvel universe makes the story hold a lot more weight, and I love how Stark ends up being a father figure for Parker, despite him still not being a great person. The relationship also ends up being a puzzle piece that has been missing all these movies, explaining why this high school boy has so much access to complex technology. Marvel gets all of these characters right with the in-fight quips, and they manage to develop one of the best villains to date in the Vulture which I was really not expecting (I will stop doubting the Michael Keaton Renaissance, I swear). This is incredibly fun, moves super fast, and I honestly am having trouble finding any complaints on this. I reserve five star ratings for movies that I love or just floor me, and I may just go back and change my rating after another viewing. For the time being, it is about as close as it can be.	4
good portrayal of young spidaman, but it make Stark industries look like lazy corporate hacks	4
cool I gotta watch again my rating may change	3
Did not like it much at all. That is the last Spidey movie i ever want to see. Never liked him much. Too much kid stuff.	1
Spider-Man: Homecoming proves to be an entertaining, fun, colorful, and family-friendly adventure, despite having its slow parts.	3
Very different than other superhero "origin story" films but I absolutely loved it. A teeange spiderman, with a hot Aunt May, a supersuit from Tony Stark. This is unlike any other spiderman I could have ever envisioned, but it still managed to keep the fun and responsible essence that your friendly neigherbhood spiderman is at heart.	5
they did enough to stanch off franchise fatigue. the kid is funny and charming, and i don't give a damn what they say Tomei makes a great aunt may "It's supposed to be aunt, not grandmother"they don't rely heavily on expensive action set pieces, preferring to focus on character. Not quite as good as spider-man 2. about as good as T.A.S 1.	4
Spider-Man homecoming is a fresh new portrail of the well known hero we have all grown to love. Instead of starting out with an origin story like it's preprocessors it now has Peter learning to find his place as a new hero and showing his true capabilities to the heroes he teamed with in Civil War. It's a tale that not only holds true to the Spider-Man we know but also adds a few twists to keep even the most capable of fans on their toes.Quite a lot of it is sublime from its dialogue at times to it's acting from almost everyone shown to it's effects in both action scenes and technical scenes with the suit.The only real problem I see with it is it's stiff camera angle which is really a problem with almost all Marvel movies as it is very stoic and bland and makes the movie look more like a slide show of scenes at times instead of a movie and with the actions scene sometimes being cut very fast it may be hard to see what is going on at very small instances making the cinematography and editing a bit bland. Overall from it's sound design to it's professional look are all magnificent and I hope to see what else Jon Watts can do with this series in the upcoming sequel in 2019.	4
Great movie. Loved it all. I found the new spidy character to be a bit annoying though.	4
This movie was so much fun! From start to finish, the characters and storyline where all great. Definitely recommend this one	4
I don't get it? So many key things missing. No spider sense is big one for me. No real motivation which made spiderman a deep character. Plus the suit? Is He iron man or Spider-Man? I don't know, I could go on...meh.	2
Funny and well fit in with the Marvel movie franchises. Finally they brought in a teenaga actor to play the role of spider man.	4
Feels like how all Marvel movies feel like. That's good enough for me	4
Liked it better the 2nd time around	4
Tom Holland is probably the best spider man so far	4
Probably the best Spider-Man to date	4
it's a movie for teens.	3
WOW - BEST Spider-Man actor, sooooo perfect as a teenager, awesome movie too! Can't wait for next one!	5
Spider-man is back to the big screen, ready to be an iconic character again!! Tom Holland's performance, specially in That Scene(TM) was fantastic!! Great characters, and a good villain with great motivation. 11/10 would recommend	5
What kind of story was this. Flash Thompson a geek???? I thought MJ was always the love interest??? who's this other chick???? And who is NED??? Since when did he have all of the gadgets on his suit????? BAD STORY TELLING. Obviously all of the GENIUS CRITICS AND OTHER IDIOTS no nothing about the comic books. The best i can go is 2 stars. QUITE DISAPPOINTED. Just watch SPIDER-MAN 1 and 2 AND THEN QUIT WATCHING!!!!	2
Michael Keaton stole the show. Tom Holland was very good. Glad they didn't just do a third reboot. They made it different; lighter than the previous versions. Though the Tobey McGuire version is still the best	4
They finally did it: a Spider-Man movie to forget after two minutes of watching!	2
So much fun. Tom Holland is the best Spider-Man yet.	5
This movie was awesome,it corrects Sony's past mistakes!	5
This movie was exquisite.	5
Nice new edition to the Marvel family.	4
A good addition to the Marvel universe.	4
better than I thought it would be	5
My favorite Spider-man movie will always be the original one, but thi one in no way dameges the old one, actually, it makes me love Spidey even more!	4
The best Spider-Man yet	5
Spider-Man Homecoming is a mix of the usual amazing marvel cinematic universe movie and an 80's John Hughes teen flick. teens will adore this movie and adults and young will find this movie to be very enjoyable. Tom Holland is amazing as Peter Parker and was truly born to play this role. In this Film, you finally get to see the way Spider-Man is portrayed in the comics, a teen that struggles with the usual problems and fighting villians	4
Almost lives up to Sam Raimi's first two Spiderman movies. However, Tom Halland's portray of the friendly neighborhood Spiderman just might be the best we have ever seen on the big screen.	4
It was a fun movie, but there was never any peril for any of the characters. I never felt like anyone was truly at risk.	2
Spiderman Homecoming was wonderful. I loved how Spiderman and Ned go on that wonderful adventure through Middle Earth. The plot twist is phenomenal. Who would have thought that there was oil hidden under the school? The car chase with Batman was stunning as well. All I can say is, if you are a fan of Pokemon, watch Green Lantern Homecoming.	4
Spider-Man: redeemed. This was awesome.	5
Good movie nice take on Spider-Man without reselling the whole story we already now. Liked Avengers tie in	3
Decent film however they tried to hard to make Spider-Man immature yet he came across unintelligent...	2
Cool Spider-Man not the best one but a fun watch.	3
Pretty okay movie. Wasn't anything special from the other Marvel movies. Tom Holland was an okay Spider Man. The humor was pretty bland, but it was an entertaining movie, even though it was a bit too long. Overall, I thought it was a pretty good reboot to Spider Man.	3
Best Spider-Man movie yet!	5
Maybe the best marvel movie yet!	5
So we have Spiderman home coming and Spiderman is played by Tom Holland he did a good job he got right down to fighting bad guys as well as his new enemy the Vulture! We have iron man helping Spiderman so they team up witch was great! I saw this movie in the theater 6 times! I just can't get enough of it. The cast was great Tom Holland played Spiderman, Michael Keaton played Vulture, Robert Downey Junior play Iron man. I'm a fan of this movie!	4
sweet but lacked soul	4
This is honestly the first Spider-Man movie to capture what Peter Parker should actually be like. It's funny, action-packed, and at some points, very dramatic (but in a good way). You should definitely see it	4
marvel has hit a home run	5
Best Spidey film EVER! The perfect Peter Parker with a realistic villain. Felt like the Ultimate Spider-Man comic brought to the big screen.	4
I think this was the best spider-man movie ever	5
Very very entertaining and much better than I had expected. I almost didn't go see it in the movies but did last minute. Great movie.	3
The perfect choice for a perfect Peter / Spidey. Fresh and uplifting version of our friendly arachnid neighbor.	5
Was not happy at all. Only the end part was good and really funny. The rest was all Ok. Save your money and watch it at home. Not worth it.	1
Very good action movie.	4
The most "entertaining" version....but gheeze how many times are they going to restart this franchise?	3
Pretty good. Michael Keaton was off the chain as the bad guy.	5
Very funny. they made spider man look weak. Overall I would watch it again for 10 bucks. might even buy it	5
Slow start but a must watch to end this awesome trilogy.	4
One of those rare Hollywood Summer Blockbusters, so good it can compete among Best Picture nominated films. It's that good! Great way to close out the trilogy.	4
Given the choice to either coexist in peace or live in constant fear of anything that doesn't want to initiate harm, man will always choose agression towards a fake fear. Because designing a new structure and working for it takes longer than just destroying everything in a blink of an eye.	3
Good movie all the way around, must watch if you?ve seen the other 2 films!	4
Just really, really bad.	1
The classic story of an excellent film delivering until the very end where it goes out with a bang.... of disappointment. So disappointing in fact that the film immediately goes from a sure fire five star rating to no more than a three. It seems the writers ran out of ideas or screen time and had to come up with the most cliche and neat way to end the film, regardless of how much sense it makes. A real shame for an otherwise solid movie.	3
Sad! But a great movie	5
That was awesome! Totally not what I expected...but why did Caesar sound like the Dark Knight & The Colonel seem to reference Colonel Kurtz so much?! lol	4
It without a doubt is the best one.	4
great sci fi adventure flic but rather weak ending	4
More like ?conversation for the planet of the apes.? Boring	2
Pretty good movie! Very entertaining, great acting, great themes, and great pacing. I just thought the ending wasn't as satisfying as I thought it would be. Woody Harrelson plays a pretty badass villain though.	4
not the best of the trilogy	3
It was ok. The worst of the trilogy in my opinion. Very slow moving throughout with subtitles all through the movie, although, understandable. Very sad ending. Maybe a new trilogy could focus on Cornelius. That'd be cool. Definitely disappointing considering this was the last in a very good trilogy. I would be interested in seeing what happens next though.	3
This was obviously a political allegory and I didn't agree with the message of that allegory. The apes represent an oppressed group of immigrants and minorities. Then you have this group of evil, Christian, white, nationalistic, nazis who hate them. That's obviously liberal Hollywood's view of Donald Trump and all who support him. That's so unsubtle that they're even portrayed as trying to build a wall. Then you have the nice white people who come along to smash them. That obviously represents liberals.I tried to watch it just as a movie and even now I'm trying to rate it purely on its storytelling but the politics is so heavy that it doesn't leave you that option.Basically, it's okay, it tells quite an involving story, it achieves its aim in creating sympathy for the apes, the CGI is great. It's a little slow at times and there are some contrived elements. The main one is Caesar getting shot, then managing to blow up the wall, then managing to escape the big explosion of the base, then managing to survive an avalanche, then managing to trek what looks like hundreds of miles over what can only be assumed was days, while carrying his child on his back...and THEN...he suddenly remembers that he was shot and decides to die purely for the purposes of creating an emotional ending. That kind of thing and of course the politics drags it down a little. The second one remains the best in the franchise. This one is okay but no more. I suspect the only reason it's being so lauded by the media is because of the very liberal message underpinning it.	3
not as good as expected. but still a great movie to see.	4
Amazing finish to the trilogy!	4
Very sad, but very good.	4
pretty good humanization of Caesar	3
How on earth did this get such a high score on RT?	1
The apes made the movie. Every part with them was very strong. The humans were the weakest aspect of the film, but overall solid movie.	4
Too many slavery overtones for me	2
Not what I expected going into the movie but loved it anyway. More of a drama than action, but Cesar was spectacular as usual. The ending was something I didn't see coming. Edge of your seat ending!	3
An absolutely fantastic film. Everything from the performances, the story, the CGI, it's all immaculate. The character of Caesar is grown even more, with him taking center focus in this installment, Andy Serkis playing him like no other could. Other characters, like Maurice, Woody Harrelson's character, Bad Ape, are all great. When it gets to the end, if you're not emotionally effected by it, then there's something wrong with you.	5
I hope this part is the last in a series of refreshed planet of the apes. Great atmosphere, dashing scenes and moving sequences. Few people in this scene, definitely not enough interaction between species. Summing up the whole movie for incredible visual effects and keeping the tension in sequence gets a nice rating.	4
Well-acted, moving and intelligent, War for the Planet of the Apes powerfully concludes the trilogy and doesn't hold back on its action and in its heartfelt story.	5
Great film, crap plot.	3
I never was much of a Planet of the Apes fan. This is entertaining!	4
An emotional movie the best in the franchise despite being very dark and dramatic with few action sequence which weren't bad.	4
I felt for Ceaser in this movie, its a great ending to the story.	4
Una de las mejores de la saga, buena historia sin ser tan violenta y sin ser tan cheese. Aqui los simios son mejores actores que los humanos. Los efectos muy realistas.	4
I am surprised this movie have good ratings by the viewers , you would think the movie will be full of action instead it was very slow and missing the drama factor , very flat and dull	2
What a outstanding and the most incredible film I ever watch. War for the planet of the apes is by far my second movie of the year because it has the same feeling as the second film but with more emotions and more even more powerful plus the visuals are just amazing of how they the actor into apes very realistic. Overall this was such a amazing and outstanding film and a good way to end the franchise and I fucking love well done Matt reeves you done it again and I love and remember "APES TOGETHER STRONG" second best film of the year. Awesome.	5
10/26/17 worthy rewatch.	4
Really powerful movie and not your typical blockbuster flick, this has more in common with Schindler's List and Rescue Dawn than it does with summer blockbusters.	4
Very dissapointing after the first two films. The story is very shallow and relies solely on emotianal shots of the cgi generated ape faces.	1
Beyond slow..... I really liked the new series but this was terrible. It felt like an artsy movie versus a gritty action flick.	1
fantastic fantastic #2 movie of the year to me only behind Logan. just see the movie or buy the movie on Blu Ray especially 3d the 3d makes the visuals pop out even more because they are incredible. not spoiling anything or giving away plot points just watch it	5
kinda disappointed in this ending to an otherwise outstanding trilogy	3
Visual stunning... brilliantly executed with advanced CGI	4
An other great sequel for a fantastic series.	4
A rousing and moving end to a remarkable trilogy.	4
My god, what schmaltz! Every character in this movie cried at least once, and even the villain (almost)! And oh those apes are sensitive souls, pure beings of light hidden underneath thick fur. If they became any sweeter they would turn to pure sugar. I thought I was going to be sick and spent the last hour squirming while being told how to feel every moment by the canned Hollywood background music. Ugh. I almost cried myself knowing I'd thrown away good money on this garbage. This movie might be ok for children's entertainment, but I don't see how any halfway intelligent adult could like it. The last Apes movie was much better, and the original puts this misdirected mistake to shame. DON'T BELIEVE THE POSITIVE REVIEWS HERE.	1
Great special effects. BUT it seemed to go on forever. Very slow moving and very predictable.	3
Absolutely powerful, brilliant and deeply moving! The best of the trilogy! Andy Serkis's Caesar was unbelievably fantastic and great! Steve Zahn did nice and funny ape performance too! Climax was really shocking and speechless! Special effects were really stunning and beautiful! Director/Co-writer Matt Reeves created beautiful art movie and it was very entertaining! Little long, but I really enjoyed it! One of the best movies of 2017!	5
I gave up halfway through. The ape that spoke like a man was just silly.. But then you have what appears to be current politics setting in, and just no. The patriotic song, the white guy in charge wanting to build a wall. Seriously, Hollywood? This is why YOU LOSE. Piss off. I want a redo.	2
Who knew CGI apes would be such great actors? Great finish to this trilogy. Definitely had to add this to my movie collection.	4
Great film, great visuals. Love it when they do things right.	5
This movie was shit. The story was as usual a well worn path you've seen before many times and predictable. Special Fx were good but there isn't anything special after that. This movie is just stupid. Oh Caesar you're so smart while he does the stupidest predictable shit these moron script writers could think of.	1
"War For The Planet Of The Apes" :).:O :O :O :O A trilogy like this? It's Rare!...the last great trilogy that I loved was "The Dark Knight movies", This one is considerably one of the greatest....If you haven't seen "rise, and dawn of the planet of the apes"...Don't you DARE to watch this film in theaters, because it will ruin the experience, just like it ruined Thomas's... :D "Told you to watch part 1 and part 2" He didn't feel the vibe at the beginning of this movie..."Don't do that again! hahaha! Sayang lang yung paglibre ko sayo sa sine".Anyways, The movie itself was better than the other two. Why? it was well-written and it developed an intense pace all throughout the first half of the film...The characters! especially "Caesar" was Amazing!, "Andy Serkis" the actor that played the role of Caesar was Top Notch!...Well Done for the people who created this wonderful movie...Let's talk about the main antagonist here, I would say that he's not the real villain...because, there is this one scene where he explains everything why he's doing what he is doing. You would understand his situation if you're in his shoes, I think that's what I like about this film, Every character has a purpose in the story. And that is Madafaking RARE in a trilogy nowadays :D The Second half of the film was................Hehehe! You Just Have To Watch It Yourself. Because I Don't Want To Ruin The Experience For You :).For that I rate the movie a.........PERFECT 10 out of 10! :D.I fucking love it, And The Ending??? WOW! What a way to end a trilogy. I have so many things to say but I just can't spoil it guys!...Hahaha! Orayt!	5
An ok movie that doesn't come close to being as good as the one that came before it. Most of the movie (while visually stunning) is very boring with little action till the end. But what was with that ending? Spoiler. They apes we're losing then the last humans kill each other off then they are all killed by an avalanche, and apparently Cesar got shot in all the action and waited like 3 days to tell anyone and then he died.	2
Great movie. Caesar is a hero in deepest of the meaning.	5
Love this film and the ones prior!	5
I don't even need to tell you to watch this. It was awesome.	5
You had me at apes...	5
Excellent end for the saga.	4
War for the Planet of the Apes ties the movie with the original well, Although there are still many inexplicable plot holes that were never explained.	3
Well that was a fairly depressing movie about talking monkeys. I think Comic Relief monkey was probably the one bright point, between the slave labour camps, the Nazi-symbolism, the high death count, and the cold wilderness of California.	3
Disappointing. It's not as good as the first two films. Jmo.	3
A simple, thoughtful and heart-touching way to end a trilogy.	4
4/10.Don't trust the critic rating.	2
What an astonishing piece of cinema, a crowning achievement for Matt Reeves, Andy Serkis, the visual effects artists, and pretty much everyone involved in it. "War for the Planet of the Apes" is one of the best movies of the year and one of those rare final chapters of a film trilogy that not only maintains the high quality and intelligence of the first two films, but also dares to ask tough questions about humanity and moral.	4
final triste, muere Cesar	4
Solid finale to the Apes trilogy! The Apes prequel trilogy has been something of a miracle, and I don't throw that word around lightly. Ever since "Rise," there hasn't been a good film based on the source material since the original. It wasn't until 2011 when we received a prequel to the events of the original Planet of the Apes, which didn't sound promising in the slightest. However, not only did we get a solid first film, but we got a second film, "Dawn," that was nothing short of a masterpiece. With expectations set dangerously high for the finale, did "War" succeed in ending the trilogy on a high note? Yes. With strong performances, especially by Andy Serkis as Caesar, who deserves an Oscar for this. Heartbreaking and truly inspirational, he steals every scene. Woody Harrelson also delivers a strong performance as the villain, even though he isn't as developed as "Dawn's" Koba. The performances are great all around. The story is strong as well, with well-written dialogue, and powerful moments littered in every scene, especially towards the intense, action filled ending. I don't have really any issues with the film besides maybe pacing, towards the middle, the story really suffers and begins to drag. It goes a route I didn't expect, and it begins to slow down. But not for long, it picks back up quickly. And maybe the soundtrack isn't as epic as I would've imagined. And for a War, the war doesn't really happen until the end. But that's truly insignificant compared to how masterful this movie is and directed. It nails every category! It's one of the best films of the year. If you haven't seen it yet, go buy it on blu-ray right now! 5/5 stars	5
I thought ?Dawn? was good, ?Rise? was great and ?War for the Planet of the Apes? was absolutely phenomenal. So well done and the perfect trifecta in the Caesar storyline. If you enjoyed the other two, you can?t miss with this one.	5
Spoiler alert! There wasn't really a war.....Still an okay movie, not as good as the others.	2
Really believe Human is the only creature on this planet who cannot tolerate being overtaken by another race. Look at the world right now.	2
"Perfect is the one word to describe "War for the Planet of the Apes". This stunning and mind-blowing blockbuster is without a doubt the best film of the summer so far."Movie Review: War for the Planet of the ApesDate Viewed: July 14 2017Directed By Matt Reeves (Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, Let Me In and Cloverfield)Written By Mark Bomback and Matt Reeves, Based on characters created by Rick Jaffa and Amanda SilverStarring: Andy Serkis, Woody Harrelson, Steve Zahn, Karin Konoval, Terry Notary, Ty Olsson, Michael Adamthwaite, Amiah Miller, Sara Canning, Max Lloyd-Jones, Devyn Dalton, Aleks Paunovic, Gabriel Chavarria, Toby Kebbell and Judy Greer.This is what summer tentpole films should look like. "War for the Planet of the Apes" is master-class blockbuster filmmaking, it does so much so well, I can't recommend it any higher. Not only is it thrilling and exciting, it's also emotionally powerful, heartbreaking and disturbing. "War for the Planet of the Apes" also stands as one of the best movie trilogies ever. Just about everything in "War for the Planet of the Apes" is engrossing: The screenplay, Matt Reeves' direction, the production design, the cinematography, the motion-capture performances, the stunning visual effects and the visceral musical score. Michael Giacchino who also did the score to "Spider-Man: Homecoming" has crafted one of the best scores I've ever listened to, it is both haunting and majestic.Matt Reeves who previously helmed "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" doesn't go for the usual blockbuster materials, he went with his gut and took the rebooted "Apes" series to dark and unexpected routes. The script by Reeves and Mark Bomback (Live Free or Die Hard, Unstoppable, Race to Witch Mountain and Dawn of the Planet of the Apes) taps into the series' allegorical aspects such as obsession, revenge, the dangers of war and sacrifice and it also takes inspirations from classic war epics such as "The Great Escape", "The Bridge on the River Kwai" and "Apocalypse Now".Who would've thought that putting actors in motion-capture technology would be the DNA to this series' success? Motion-capture artist Andy Serkis returns for his most challenging and deliberately stunning performance yet as Caesar. After leading his fellow Apes to freedom in "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" and failing to make peace with the humans in "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes", Caesar (Serkis) and his fellow apes are forced into conflict with the humans but he didn't endorse any war, he fights only to survive and protect his fellow apes.Even though his friend-turned-rival Koba (Toby Kebbell) is now dead, he still exists in Caesar's nightmares. Caesar and allies have little opposition under their wings but one human, The Colonel (Woody Harrelson) becomes hellbent on obliterating the Apes for good. When the Colonel discovers his hideout and murders Caesar's wife, Cornelia (Judy Greer) and son, Blue-Eyes (Max Lloyd-Jones), Caesar becomes just as hellbent as the Colonel and he patches up a suicide mission to track down and kill the Colonel.Accompanied by his companions, the wise orangutan, Maurice (Karin Konoval), Rocket (Terry Notary) and the Western lowland gorilla, Luca (Michael Adamthwaite), Caesar sets out for a perilous journey and along the way he and his fellow apes are joined by an orphaned mute human girl named Nova (Amiah Miller) and a fearful loner ape named "Bad Ape" (Steve Zahn). Even though he has a few moments of comic relief, "Bad Ape" thankfully isn't portrayed as a goofy sidekick, he too has an emotional arc to him. "Bad Ape" was living in a zoo before the Simian Flu outbreak began which annihilated the human race and became a hermit ape until he comes across Caesar and his camp. He tells Caesar that the Colonel is running a sort-of death camp where several apes are being held captive."War for the Planet of the Apes" is an amazing technical achievement all the way through. The motion-capture performances are terrific, the epic battle sequences are incredible and the pitch-perfect screenplay is all of these things, smart, political, dire and tragic. The cinematography by Michael Seresin is not only beautiful to look at, it also matches the outlook of the story.Caesar and the Colonel are the most important characters in this story because both of them deal with their inner demons and have dangerous agendas. Andy Serkis is great in all three of these movies, he goes through a massive character arc and his quest for revenge takes him to a much darker path. When "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" came out six years ago, everybody was saying that Serkis should get a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination for his masterful motion-capture work but the Oscar establishment ignored him because he was just playing an ape. So what? If famous actors can get Oscar consideration for putting on tons of make-up or a rubber nose, why can't an actor get nominated for doing great motion-capture work? Serkis is so great in this film as Caesar, I think it would be hard for the Oscar establishment to ignore him. Woody Harrelson is ruthless and cunning is his role as the Colonel and Steve Zahn is excellent in his motion-capture supporting role as "Bad Ape".Even though "War for the Planet of the Apes" keeps the traditional summer movie PG-13 rating, it is a more adult-oriented film than any of this summer's big-budget blockbusters which are always primarily aimed towards the pre-teen audience. We'll always remember the original 1968 "Planet of the Apes" for being a fun and cheesy sci-fi classic but we'll also remember the rebooted "Apes" films for having complex stories and taking big risks and yes, people will forget about the 2001 remake Tim Burton directed.Apparently Fox is repping up plans for another "Planet of the Apes" film but I think it would be a cautious mistake to continue the series. Director Matt Reeves has effectively wrapped the series on a high-note so it would be foolish for the studio to continue the "Apes" prequel series with a fourth installment unless it is told wisely. Perfect is the one word to describe "War for the Planet of the Apes". This stunning and mind-blowing blockbuster is without a doubt the best film of the summer so far.	5
How do they make me get so many feels for CGI apes? How?POSSIBLE SPOILERS!I won't go into a lot of details about the plot of the movie itself. I will say however that the trailers are misleading... as in a lot misleading. Don't get me wrong, there is action, there is adventure, there is laughter and sadness. Yes that little girl is in the movie and she has an impactful role, but it isn't what the trailer implies.Woody Harrelson does awesome as the cray cray commander of the humans. The fact that he emotes so well with a CGI character just means he is as good as I remember him.The movie itself I doubt will win any Oscars except maybe for effects, and probably not that with so many Marvel/Star Wars movies this year. However, it is good enough that I didn't get dragged out of my suspension of belief. Also, this movie is a great way to wrap up the trilogy, and sets it up for future movies if they want.Oh, and don't mind the tears, the husband is cutting onions.The good: Almost everything is good, especially if you watch it as what it is, a Planet of the Apes movie. Acting, effects, story, etc. It is a great journey into the world of the Apes, and I definitely could come back to it.The bad: Seriously though, attack choppers don't do strafing runs normally. They are quite capable of standing off in a distance and laying down death. Just saying that was my one annoyance (and probably one break from suspension of disbelief).	3
In one word - DISAPPOINTING! The only good thing about this movie was the ending. I don't mean the plot, but literally the end - when it was over. The highest point of the whole movie was the very beginning when the soldiers attack the apes stronghold, it looked like it was going to be another action packed film like the last one. Sadly, this was not to be. It was all downhill from there. The storyline seemed forced. The plot line was predictable, as well as unrealistic. The ending terribly anticlimactic. It's hard to believe that it was written by the same writers. The special effects, on the other hand were phenomenal. Ceasar and the other apes looked so life like. The scenery was breathtaking. Andy Serkis delivers another masterful performance in his portrayal of Ceasar, truly bringing him to life. Amiah Miller, who plays an orphaned girl taken in by Ceasar and his band after the death of her father, also deserves mention for her role. If, like me, you're a fan of the series then I'd recommend watching it, if only to bring closure to the trilogy. It's really too bad that the writing is so unimaginative. With the first two installments being so great, this was such a lackluster finale.	1
Horrendous from execution to plot (or lack thereof). From the boring tropes, to downright ludicrous plot points. Despicable.	1
Movie would have been better without the last 2 minutes. I mean, why? Wasn't even necessary.	3
Great completion to the trilogy	5
Filme encerra a nova trilogia do planeta dos macacos de maneira bastante interessante.	4
Literally cried when Luca die. Anyway, cinematographic was excellent. Well executed of the storyline. Apes just like human, they can be good, they could be loyal till they die and they could betrayed you because they afraid, scared or just plain selfishness. No different. Human forgot who created the virus to affect the apes at the beginning, human only know to blamed the apesfor the virus. And just because Ape show mercy to human by not killing them doesn't mean they will return the the same mercy ape deserve. I thoroughly enjoy this film.	4
One of my favourite films of all time !	5
Unlike the first two films, this one is a let down. Long and slow paced. And for a war, theres more war in the 'dawn'.	2
Great emotional movie... I liked it... Hail Caesar!	5
Emotionally crafted with an impactful minimal soundtrack , it is a great ending and conclusion to the Apes trilogy. The dialogues, scenes and the overall product delivers an emotional finale feeling just sorry it has ended.	4
War for the Planet of the Apes has very intelligent film components in terms of directing, acting and writing. What makes WAR of the PotA so amazing is that the movie is able to tell the story without having to rely on dialogue all the time. The suspense and action sequences and special effects are groundbreaking and the movie doesn't have to build up any dialogue in the form of complicated long sentences to tell an interesting story, cause here it's all about just apes and humans fighting each other now that all trust is lost. The apes talk out very simple things in rough ape-y voices and their goals are really simple: to just survive and find a good home to survive in. The humans on the other hand want the apes dead to regain their domination of the earth, and while I get that Woody Harrelson's character Colonel who is the movie's villain is a lot like Trump wanting a giant wall to prevent fluxes of "dirty" immigrant people coming in with their diseases, I love the irony in the scene where the Alpha Omega men play Star-Spangled Banner then charge towards the apes and put them to work in chains, as I always thought the Banner once was a symbol of freedom and liberty. ONCE. I also really liked the movie's Tarzan-like component of adding in a human girl, Nova, who tags along with the apes, it just makes the movie more ironic since girls are usually stereotyped into hating associating with wild animals. But Nova is an exception, because she is a wild animal. And don't forget about Bad Ape, he's a great character. All in all, War for the Planet of the Apes is one of the BEST threequels ever made and is even better than the first two movies in the trilogy and one of the best American movies ever made. Just like Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, WAR successfully satirizes the current foreign policy crisis in the United States because while DAWN draws parallels to Americans arguing whether to use diplomatic solution OR military action to deal with their Middle Eastern enemies, WAR draws parallels to Trump's wall building plans and ISIS trying to invade democratic Western nations in order to conquer vanishing natural resources like food, water and land.	5
Two examples of trilogies where each movie gets better than the last are the Toy Story and Captain America franchises. Well now there's another, this rebooted Planet of the Apes Trilogy. I loved the first two entries in this franchise and their complex look at certain issues. Now we have reached the finale, and everything has built to this. Here we join Caeser as he goes to avenge his kind by killing the ruthless Colonel. We've seen Caeser rise to become a leader and we've seen his leadership grow in the dawn of his civilization. And now we see his darker instincts, and he begins to turn a bit into Koba from the first two films. There was a subplot with a little girl that I found to be extremely touching and it was great to watch. The character of Bad Ape could've been the Jar Jar of this movie. He was a comedic character in a very dark film, however he really worked and helped relieve the tension. My biggest flaw of the last two movies was that we were too invested in the human characters. War is all about Caesar and his apes and there's just enough of the Colonel to see where he's coming from. The motion capture work for this movie cannot be praised enough. Every ape looked so real and it amazes me that an extremely talented team of people was able to create this. In the end, War for the Planet of the Apes is extremely riveting and without a doubt gets an A+.	5
It was like an ape reality show. Couldn?t say how it turned out. I didn?t finish it.	1
War for the Planet of the Apes serves as a satisfying, if slightly disappointing finalle to its trilogy. War doesn't feel so much like a war as a trek, but it does successfully build upon (and surpass) Rise, the first film, while not being able to live up to the masterful Dawn. A worthwhile watch, but not another classic.	3
So emotional and engaging. The best prequel for one of the fantastic franchise.	4
for Caesar,Woody Harrelson is the most disaster villain ever.	4
A very clichÃ (C) ending and very obvious, too long with unnecessary characters, there are some failures in the script with unanswered questions. On the other hand, the CGI is perfect almost always, but doesn't save it from being a good film.	2
Amazing conclusion to one of my favorite movie series, so well done!	5
I caught this one last night and I wasn't disappointed at all, it was a great movie but it isn't for everyone. I heard it called "the thinking man's" science fiction film, and that's just what it is. It's a very cerebral film and there are periodic moments of dullness and unnecessary scenes but it was immersive and in 3D it was very immersive. This movie will be around for awhile, it's not going to light any fires. The visuals, the setting and the costumes are over the top. And great performances by Ryan Gossling and Harrison Ford. I hope they get a chance and doing a sequel, they left it open for one. This one I will definitely be getting on Blue Ray or 4K. You get a chance, go see this one, you will not be disappointed.	4
Another quality film in this series. Tho presumably the last given the ending. Great action sequences and great performances. Sad to see this franchise go, I've grown quite attached to Caesar and the other apes.	4
Not bad, if you have seen the previous two films it is worth seeing. However as a stand alone film it is probably a bit too long and drags a bit, some scenes are really impressive though.	3
On connecte les points. Mais le mieux aura été Rise et de loin.	2
A great end to a trilogy. Impressive how a movie will make you care more for a CGI apes rather than its human characters.	4
War For The Planet Of The Apes is not just one the best movie of the year (is one of the best of the decade too), is an exciting accomplish by the director Matt Reeves, a terrific movie that provides another fantastic performance of Andy Serkis, and of course the cast and crew that provides a solid work offering one of the best special effects ever created. Remarkable, breathtaking, sad, intense and a astonishing masterpiece, War conclude one the best trilogies of the cinema since The Lord of the Rings. (5/5)	5
La mejor de la trilogía sin dudas.	4
Overall I think this is a good film but in my personal opinion not as good as the first two at all definitely worth a watch just not enough dialogue to keep me interested.	4
Incredible story one best movies I've seen	5
It was a great wrap-up to the Planet of the Apes franchise. Andy Serkis once again nailed it as Caesar! I also loved Bad Ape in it. Woody Harrelson did a great job as the Colonel. The action in it was great at the end. However, there wasn't much action as I expected.	4
A good story and a CGIed monkey is all we need to be glued to the screen. writers of fast and furious and micheal bay should learn a lesson from this.	3
Monkey business alright.	4
It's powerful, heartfelt and entertaining; concluding this master trilogy with top class.	4
It's powerful, heartfelt and entertaining; concluding this master trilogy with top class.	4
Proposant une trame narrative très émotive tout en étant très intelligente, War for the Planet of the Apes parvient à conclure de très bonne façon la trilogie. Très surement la plus belle réussite dans la longue série des remakes des dernières années. Les amateurs de la franchise originale auront également droit à quelques clins d'oeil sympathique. Andy Serkis mériterais surement une nomination aux Oscars pour le meilleur acteur.	4
Another stirring effort here. Steeped in modern-day sociological themes, you can view this film in so many different ways. As a straight-forward war film its brilliant, as an exploration of Caesar growing to be the leader of a group searching for freedom its deeply layered and thought-provoking, as a warning for humanity that failing to eradicate its foes will ultimately lead to its downfall, its a chilling look into the future. And even more importantly, the film doesnt pretend to have answers to these theological quandaries.	4
You're kidding right? 93% on Rotten Tomatoes - this proves that RT has been off the mark for awhile. This movie is not only overtly long and dragged out it also added a character that reeks of an ape version of Jar Jar Binks.	2
I really enjoyed myself this movie there was not one moment that I was bored or did not like anything about it. There were plenty of action sequences and a lot of storytelling well what I really liked about it is how it was all put together into The conclusion of Trilogy.	5
War for the Planet of the Apes is a fitting conclusion to this surprisingly well-done rebooted franchise. This movie makes you care for a bunch of CGI characters and it keeps you interested, even with very little spoken dialogue. Who would have thought that a Planet of the Apes movie would be one of the better dramas of the year?	3
Reeves has concluded one of the best blockbuster trilogies in cinematic history with a heart-wrenching climax as Caesar takes his last breath after what turned out to be the end of his journey. War For The Planet Of The Apes is quite possibly the strongest entry in the series with its evocative story and grand achievement in visual and special effects, ranking above its predecessors in capturing the actors' performances through Motion Capture technology, especially when it comes to the brilliant acting ability of Andy Serkis. An Academy Award nomination can't be far behind. But it's not just about the action, the film is emotionally resonant and gets deeply touching thanks to Michael Giacchino's majestic score. I could go on forever about how much I love these Planet Of The Apes movies and never do this final chapter justice. I can only relish in the marvel that these films are and enjoy them for many years to come.	4
The rationale for war is ultimately relationships, yah, those we love and, umm, those other people. This work underscores that idea repeatedly, which somehow effectively renders the amazing technological effects secondary, which is a pretty big job. Excellent writing dovetails the entire series, as well, seamlessly into the original series and sets it up for repeat viewing. Top notch acting rounds it all out, with kudos to Serkis and Harrelson and Zahn in particular. Moviemaking at its finest, summer school edition!	4
A step down from the previous iteration but still a thoroughly entertaining trip as the story of the apes' rise to power continues.	3
Great film. The effect in the are so good and woody Haroldson makes a great villain. I personally didn't like this as much as dawn but I still love it	4
Seamless special effects, but a fairly lackluster canned plot and tired theme.	2
One of the best movies I have ever seen!	4
Another excellent installment in perhaps the most consistent reboot period. Although this definitely had some finality to it, it had everything you would want and expect.	4
Movie was full of action, but it was more about a domestic fight. Apes haven?t conquered anything.	3
Plot is easily expected. Story line is amazing.	4
This is a much better film than you might think from watching the trailer.	4
Almost a masterpiece, this completes an incredible trilogy and is not to be missed!!	4
Pretty straight forward. I liked it more than the last one that was for sure. Visually appealing and I did not get too lost with what must have been the king of CGI movies. Again, you need to fall in line with some of the "cartoonishness" of characters (no pun intended) but in the end I enjoyed myself. If you have a wandering mind it may conflict with some of what you are watching but I say take the leap.	3
One of, if not the best movie this year. My only complaint is they fucked the marketing up	5
A-Dark and emotionally resonant, War for the Planet of the Apes keeps its focus, and is layered with rich symbolism and impressively animated characters.	4
I liked this one. Although I have to admit I have to go back and watch all the other movies in order now. But the story was good, they didn't leave a big cliffhanger at the end, the fight scenes were done well and I didn't want to leave at any point or fall asleep, it kept my interest.	4
The best action movie of the summer. Really and truly a deep, thought-provoking film. If Andy Serkin doesn't finally get an Oscar nomination, the terrorists truly have won.	4
Wow, the best one yet of the reboot. This film gave me all the feels. There were so many social themes examined and reflected. You can tell so much time and effort went into connecting the storyline with issues in today's society. Made me super emotional. Probably one of the best films I saw this year thus far.	5
This script is nothing more than a metric tonne of convience, with the rest being filled with tropes, yet somehow is still being proclaimed as masterpiece. I particularly like the fact that apes became telepathic in their ability to sign to each other, considering that half the scenes have the simians looking away from the signer. The final seconds of the major battle are particularly cringe-worthy. Good, but not nearly as perfect as many claim.	3
Wonderbaarlijk laatste deel uit de Planet Of The Apes reeks die het onmogelijk voor elkaar krijgt door drama, actie en buitengewone speciale effecten combineert tot pure perfectie. Betere blockbusters zul je nauwelijks tegenkomen, en dat mag zeker gevierd worden !	5
Although not without faults, "War" is a worthwhile conclusion to one of the best franchises of modern cinema.	4
Incredible special effects, great performances, and "SO EMOTIONAL." War for the Planet of the Apes concludes the POTA reboot trilogy in a powerful way and cements its status as one of the greatest reboots/trilogies ever.	4
Interesting follow up for the POTA movies. Though the "war" part is pretty misleading.	4
Goes for the atmosphere of "good movie" but misses the mark big-time. Hugely overrated.	2
It was awesome, awesome, awesome. Loved all 3 movies... I'm def a fan	5
One of the strongest conclusions to a trilogy of all time. A bleak, brutal, surprisingly downplayed story that shines thanks to flawless motion capture work and Andy Serkis's award worthy performance.	5
The poster and title are pretty egregiously misleading, but when what's hiding inside instead is a beautiful character action-drama. It went in a really interesting direction with its characters as opposed to simply carrying on the war hinted at the end of Dawn for an action packed "payoff". I couldn't find myself getting as engaged in this film as I did the other two - probably because Woody Harrelson really is mustache-twirlingly evil and therefore something of a non-character, but its still fantastic and a great wrap up to what somehow became one of the best ever cinematic trilogies.	4
You'd probably expect that a film with this title would have a lot to do with either a war, or apes-or heck, even a planet. While it does contain many of those as key elements, War for the Planet of the Apes is primarily a human drama. It begins with a brief recap of the previous two films to get folks caught up-though if you haven't seen either, there's still plenty of content to be enjoyed. We then jump right into the thick of things with a forest-based action sequence, which then causes a chain reaction of events that makes up most of the movie. I'm going to refrain from saying too much more about any of the plot since the trailers did a good job of evoking a feeling of conflict, but without any of the key factors behind it.2014 doesn't seem all that long ago, but after you see how the apes are rendered this time around, you'd have thought that at least a decade had passed since Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. I found it difficult to distinguish whether or not CGI was being used, or the world's greatest makeup and costume design team put in major work. This isn't a typical Michael Bay summer flick in which there are more unnecessary uses of special effects than there are lines of dialogue. We instead have practical aesthetics that don't distract. For the first two thirds or so, the film felt like classic action cinema. You've got a healthy dose of characters driven by rage and emotion, all the while booming, thematic music blares in the background. It then transitions towards more of a heist or getaway vibe. It does feel a bit jarring, but the supporting cast of characters do well to help guide viewers through the film's various tonal shifts. Andy Serkis once again puts forth a standout performance as the leader of the apes, Caesar. On the surface we see these powerful, hulking creatures-but beneath, a wealth of conflicted emotions. Dialogue from apes was used very sparingly, with each line being deliberate and significant.(Has there ever been a best actor Oscar nomination for a CGI character?)While War for the Planet of the Apes doesn't bode particularly well as an action movie with loads of battle sequences, it does an exceptional job of building drama towards eventual set pieces. Serkis puts in a memorable last performance as he sunsets the character Caesar, and what's presumed to be the conclusion of the Apes trilogy. War for the Planet of the Apes may not have one key thing that audiences can point to that made it worthwhile to see, but it does a fantastic all-around job and is well worth the price of admission.	4
Smart, tense, and bombastically scored to perfection, this "Apes" conclusion is absolutely breathtaking. A meandering middle act loses a half star but the first and last 30 is some of the best blockbuster filmmaking ever. All Hail Caesar	4
A little to dramatic.	3
Decent. Spoiler, the monkeys won and I'm glad hahhaha	4
What a disappointing bs movie	1
Cesar and his son die only thing that sucks ????	5
The movie is beautiful in every possible way - the CG animation is superb, the story, the acting, the background score... everything.	4
Great end to a phenomenal movie series.	4
War for the Planet of the Apes is one of the best movies of 2017!!!	4
A worthy conclusion to an epic trilogy! Fantastic character work and special effects!! I was so emotionally involved	4
The cast was amazing. It was extremely entertaining, funny, thrilling, & intense. Best Apes movie ever !!!!!! War of the Planet of the Apes is a great conclusion to a great trilogy. 9/10	5
Excellent character study. Seamless,at times violent at times tender chronicle of humanity evolving in simians and its devolution in homo sapiens.	4
Best one of the trilogy. Woody Harrelson delivers a great performance and now the seeds of the Charlton Heston saga are planted... "You Maniacs! You blew it up! Ah, damn you! God damn you all to hell!"	5
horrible pacing, horrible character development and integrity worst movie in the series	1
War for the planet of the apes provides a perfect ending to one of Hollywood's best remake/reboot attempts of recent memory. The director, Matt Reeves, showed us that he could step into an existing franchise and leave his own mark with Dawn of the planet of the apes but with this most recent outing he showed us that that he has grown as a director whether it be the well shot action scenes or the small character moments that may seem insignificant but helps provide more depth to the apes. The reason why this movie and this trilogy were able to work so well was Andy Serkis' performance as Caesar. In my opinion he is Hollywood's most underappreciated/underrated actors. He has to do so much in a motion capture suit as Caesar for us to understand what Caesar feels like from moment to moment. As a result, I think that Caesar is one of cinemas most interesting characters let alone animals of the 21st century. Some other positives I had with the movie was the grim tone of the movie, the score by Michael Giacchino, the ending, as well as how it ties into the other planet of the apes movies. My only negatives with the movie was that it was a bit too long as well a couple of plot decisions by the writers. Asides from that I thought it was a perfect ending to one of the best trilogies of the 2000's.Final Score: 4 out of 5	4
entertaining... but don't expect too much.	3
Some really good stuff, especially from the Zahn character. Even had things all tee'd up for a while thereto drive home some larger thought. But alas, no clean hit.	2
You watch 2 hours of drama you never are into until 'meteor drops' bringing the end which would happen anyways even if main hero would sit at home in jungles with his apes and didn't do a fart.Just stupid. And I am not attracted to monkey's 'acting performance'. It's like computer porn anime instead of real deal.	2
Bittersweet catharsis.	1
not bad but a let down by comparison. the naming of nova invalidates a couple plot points to come	3
This, in my opinion, was one of the most underrated movies of the summer. It was beautifully told and illustrated. I saw parallels to slavery depicted as the apes were held captive, forced to complete mindless work. To see racism depicted through the apes and human soldiers, I was honestly beyond speechless.	5
overall movie is very slow and could have been put together in a shorter time frame but the story is good and a good way to end the series	3
One of the better movies you will watch. Best of the trilogy and best Planet of the apes movie made. Ending could have been different IMO. Must see!	4
a great end to the trilogy , the Academy must do a Oscar for best CGI actor and give it to Andy Serkis immediately	5
A captivating and emotional finale for Andy Serkis!	5
I had to think about this one a lot because on the one hand there's no denying the technical prowess that went into this film from not only a special effects standpoint but also in terms of overall direction. There's a real sense of grit to it and at times its deliberately slow pacing is refreshing amidst a sea of shallow and brisk popcorn flicks that currently engulf the cinemas. At the same time though it really does move at a glacial pace, so much so that more often than not it works against the movie. I frequently found myself drifting away in other thoughts and missing dialogue because it would get too caught up in its own grandiose ambitions and failed to keep the plot moving forward. I appreciate Matt Reeves' attempts to bring weight and substance, but at the end of the day I do still go to the movies to be entertained, and there just wasn't enough here to keep me emotionally invested. I feel like this would have worked much better if it were shortened and combined with Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, especially considering that Dawn was where the real war happened. This film was more of an allegory for the life of Anne Frank than it was a war story, which of course there's nothing wrong with that either, but it should be titled appropriately and still be more investing than it was. As it unfortunately turned out though, War is just too dull and overburdened with unnecessary length.	2
George Lindholm you're an idiot for giving away the ending!	2
Dark, powerful, emotional, outstanding end to a surprisingly great trilogy. I never thought when watching the first film in this reboot back in 2011, how much I would like it and how amazing the rest of the films would turn out. Andy Serkis seriously needs recognition for his brilliant performance. Woody Harrelson is terrifying. Matt Reeves is directing the solo Batman film coming up, and I cannot wait to see what he does with it because of his powerful work here. Great film.	4
The upward trend in the quality of this trilogy has been impressive. Also impressive: the stunning visual effects.	4
Great movie by all means. The emotional punch though... hard to rewatch although you will want to!	4
War for the Planet of the Apes is a genuine surprise, bringing us an emotional story rather than an action-oriented one. The film follows the journey of Caesar yet again, but this time he deals with an internal struggle about whether he should avenge his kind. It has been years since a summer blockbuster like this emotionally riveted me.	5
The new Planet of the Apes trilogy comes to an end in the dark action-thriller War for the Planet of the Apes. After two years on the run from the military Caesar has developed a plan for the apes to escape to a sanctuary in the desert, but when his wife and son are killed in a sneak attack he stays behind in order to get revenge. Woody Harrelson joins the cast and gives a strong performance as a rogue colonel, and newcomer Amiah Miller has tremendous screen-presence. As usual, the special effects are amazing and there are a lot of good action scenes. However, the title is misleading as there's no real war; in fact it might have the least amount of human/ape fight scenes of the three films. Still, the story is compelling and works in several interesting call-backs to the original films. While it's not as epic as it tries to be, War for the Planet of the Apes delivers a solid conclusion to this groundbreaking series.	3
This Planet Apes movie was one of the best outta 1 and 2 but this third gives me life and every emotional and this movie you really want to see!!!	5
With the perfectly dark tone, great performances, the best visual effects ever, and superb story-telling, War for the Planet of the Apes perfectly concluded this fantastic trilogy.	5
So many layers to this last of the modern Apes trilogy. I see a great deal of Charlton Heston tribute in this one. It is filled with social, political, philosophical commentaries and even biblical allegories. Andy Serkis has really brought his motion capture acting to a new level with his performance of Caesar.	4
This film was awesome!????????	5
If you liked Dawn and Rise, then War for the Planet of the Apes should be right up your alley. Provided, the first act isn't exactly up to par as I thought it may have been a little weak, but the second and third really allowed the film and Caesar's story arc to really shine	4
My Ten word movie review verdict TM: A super story, super production, super acting, super apes, super...b!	4
This dark, powerful third installment of this new 'Apes' franchise is every bit as epic and satisfying as the great movie trilogy endings, putting it up with the original 'Star Wars' trilogy, Lord of the Rings, and the Toy Story films as one of the greatest and most influential trilogies of all time!! (And I swear if Andy Serkis doesnt at least get nominated for his work here as Caesar, then I don't know what I'll do!!)Score: 9.3/10	4
Great movie. The action and effects were good. I feel the plot was thought out well and executed very well!!!	4
Awesome screen play with good plot. It was gripping.	4
Hard not to miss the great performances of the original series whereby great actors such as Roddy Mcdowall, Kim Hunter & Maurice Evans rose above the constrictions of their ape makeup. Here, sadly, we get none of that. Still, there's enough action to keep your attention. Woody Hartelson does a nice job as the megalomaniac leader of the ill-fated humans.	3
very good Planet of the Apes movie. I've been very much enjoy this whole planet of the apes series very fun.	5
Tired of the slavery mimicking plots, annoying. I liked the visual but the storyline seemed more like the civil war between North N South Americans but the N Americans showed up last minute.	4
very good continuation of this franchise	4
Surprisingly the best of the ape movies except for the first one. Good acting and lots of action with great special effects.	4
This is a great movie that was bizarrely deceptive in it's advertising/trailers.	4
Lack luster and disappointing.	2
excellent conclusion to a wonderful trilogy.	4
It was brilliant conclusion to a great story. the protagonist made you want to jump out of your chair and hit him. i felt that it was very well done.	4
Felt like the Moses story at times and the look of apes is amazing.	4
I really hope this is the end of this series. Not terrible, but enough is enough.	3
a perfect movie to end of a great trilogy	5
Easily the best entry in this new series of films. The cinematography is beautiful while Andy Serkis' performance as Caesar finally becomes powerful while Caesar's character is challenged interestingly. The gritty and dark atmosphere and mood was quite appealing. It has a few moments of nearly pure boredom but overall this is worth visiting.	3
Its not best movie from the trilogy but a superb piece of cinema. A great story with some shocking moments and looks stunning. A great finale and ties things together brilliantly. Consistent film trilogy although this one can feel a little slow at times.	4
Completes the best sci-fi trilogy since LOTR. The CGI is breathtaking, human and real. War has humor, drama and heartache. Highly recommend.	4
I can't believe the high ratings on this dog!!! I almost walked out, as I was bored to tears. The story line is weak. Woody Harrelson's part is written terribly. Don't bother!	2
great ending to the trilogy	4
Satisfying end to the trilogy which the first movie was by far the most interesting. This movie was pretty much the most easily predictable movie of the year. The comic relief character was just plain annoying as well. Woody Harrelson of course is fantastic as is the guy that plays the mo-cap for Caesar.	3
Great movie again but didn't need to be so long considering it's the 3rd one	3
This was far less enjoyable out of the 3 in my eyes. It was so boring to watch. I can't understand all of the glaring reviews	1
I know I'm on the minority here as most people really liked the movie. Maybe I wasn't in the mood, but this movie was so depressing. I get that it's dark, but man... what a downer. The CGI is amazing but the storyline is somewhat lackluster. Wait for the DVD.	2
Really well done although sometimes it gets boring.	4
Boring and I was extremely disappointed	2
One of the best Planet of the Apes films yet. Really well done. If you're a fan, this is a must-see!	5
Typical American superhero movie with apes.	3
It's was interesting and neat see the Apes signing!	5
War For The Planet Of The Apes has a great opening, with hard hitting action, an atmosphere of dread and fear and some of the best CGI in recent memory. The Apes all look fantastic in this film, and Caesar, the hero of the rebooted franchise, is one of recent cinemas most sympathetic characters, possessing great inner strength and wisdom, but also a weakness for revenge and a frequent inability to see past what his better instincts tell him. The bond he shares with his comrades is the emotional centre of the film, and provides some of the best scenes. Unfortunately, the latter half descends all too readily into cookie-cutter Hollywood blockbuster territory. Stupid, monologing villains, heavy-handed message, overblown score, explosion-filled actions sequences. The subtle gestures and laconic speeches are replaced with big dramatic confessions and overcomplicated justifications to warfare and the imposition of slavery tactics. It's like the film wanted to be fresh and interesting, then realised that familiarity is what draws the same mindless fans back time and time again, and so fell back on trite plot devices and deus ex machinas. I remember watching Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes and being surprised how understated it was, whispering its messages, not shouting them. This film is the opposite. It might not be terrible, but if it had forsaken the tried and tested and continued on its original path, it would have been so much better, more interesting and much less predictable.	3
The story line and abundant action kept my interest. The ending was not predictable for me.	4
This is such a well crafted movie that I can't find a fault in it.	5
It'd be more accurate if the film was instead titled 'War for the Planet of the Trite Plot Devices'	2
Excellent movie although I wasn't ready to accept the ending	4
Make no mistake: War for the Planet of the Apes is an absolute masterpiece, a thrilling and impactful epic that shatters the mold for summer blockbuster entertainment, and cements the franchise's legacy as one of the greatest cinematic trilogies of all time.	4
The weakest of the re-branded franchise, by far! The story is weak, the characters are predictable, some of the sets look like they were stolen from Mad Max. Disappointing.	1
My son & I saw this. Have to say that the last 3 in this series have been really good. I give this one an 88%.	4
Ended just the way it was supposed to.	5
War for the planet of the apes is an Amazing film. With a Very Poignant script, Powerful and emotional scenes, Off the chart Special Effects, and an Outstanding Performance by Andy Serkis.	5
War for the Planet of the Apes is a stunning, emotionally resonant and moving conclusion to the Apes reboot trilogy that once again puts story and characters first, further proving that summer blockbuster can have intelligence as well as thrills.	5
War for the Planet of the Apes is a stunning, emotionally resonant and moving conclusion to the Apes reboot trilogy that once again puts story and characters first, further proving that summer blockbuster can have intelligence as well as thrills.	5
they were trying too hard with the new guy (comic relief).. nice twist good story.. ending? what the heck?!	4
interesting concept, but lacking on many fronts. Amazon, Netflix, or even HBO would make a great series of thi material.	2
Can't wait to see the next movie!	5
We loved it and cried on the ending!	5
I thoroughly enjoyed the pace, acting, action, and story line...The movie had all the emotions in it to keep you involve. I highly recommended.	5
This is the best of the trilogy. Its entertaining, it has great performances, the effects are just amazing, its interesting, its never boring, its emotional, this movie may be one of the best movies of the year so far. To me, this movie has no flaws.	5
A solid and fulfilling conclusion to the trilogy despite the war aspect taking a back seat to a deconstruction of what it means to be human.	4
Was a good story, can't wait for the next	4
More of the same but Woody makes it great!	4
very political and relevant. probably the best ape movie in the newer series.	4
So much slower than anticipated, but an excellent conclusion to the trilogy. No need to make any more in this series I think.	3
The Movie was very good I am happy it is only trilogy	5
What a wonderful surprise to see how much this movie is centered on its characters when it would have been so easy to focus mostly on the action (after all, there is a "war" in the title), being instead an intelligent and careful drama that takes its time to earn our emotional investment.	4
the best out off all three dont know why it got 85 percent should be way more	5
It was a well done movie that I could like. Pretty much sentimental. It's teaching us the lesson saying we will confront with the greatest danger if we ever miss the crucial thing in our lives	3
Well crafted suspenseful war-prison flick that starts stronger than if finishes. The performances of the apes - especially the always terrific Caesar as played Andy Serkis and the new scrapy humorous new character Bad Ape played by Steve Zahn make it one of the more memorable films from this summer.	4
Not too bad a sequel.	3
An emotionally powerful, if a bit stretched and flat with villains, conclusion to this prequel trilogy that boasts satisfying ties into the original, characteristic complexity, and a smorgasboard of visual artistry.	4
Hail Ceasar !!!! what a smart monkey...the third installment of this new series has everything. from passionate to vilains to good ape versus bad ape and at the end is for all humanity and animals to live in unity.	4
An enjoyable epic but the weakest of the trilogy. Andy Serkis is a strong lead but the material he's given and the plot of this finale is certainly an anti-climax that doesn't live up to the hype.	2
Possibly the best film I've seen this year and a brilliant conclusion to the trilogy. With another stellar performance by Andy Serkis, who certainly deserves Oscar consideration.	4
Perfect resolution to the trilogy! Loved every minute of this movie	5
wao. hands down one of the best movies ever.	5
Aside from a few questionable character behaviors of some of the human characters, specifically how soldiers and guards should act, this film is phenomenal. The choice to center on the apes rather than the humans is truly the greatest strength to this series as a reboot. Each of the characters are relatable and wonderfully realized, especially Caesar whose story arc is always interesting to watch unfold. New characters like Bad Ape and Nova really add to the heart of the story as well.The effects are some of if not the best CGI I've ever witnessed. You really feel like these creatures were actually filmed.I'm not a fan of forcing a series into a trilogy and, while I hope they continue this franchise, this film left off in a natural ending place that definitely ties up the story nicely.Go see this film!	4
Enjoyed the acting, the world created and the characters particularly the challenges in Caesar and Woody Harrelson's characters. The storyline however was weak and contrived aiming as it does to wipe out the bad humans - too many stereotypes.	3
This was not a bad movie but I wouldn't say it was particularly good either, it dragged on and overall was just boring at times	3
Great end to the prequels!	4
It's actually kind of surprising how the Planet of the Apes reboot trilogy isn't more of a "thing" with pop culture. I mean sure, all three movies have been critically acclaimed and enjoyed some financial success, but in an age of reboot frenzy and endless franchises Apes seems to have a small footprint on the world stage. Which is a damn shame because each one of these movies is bloody great, with each one being more entertaining than the last. I've written before that the second film, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, was an outright masterpiece and I still subscribe to that opinion. The third, and hopefully final piece, War for the Planet of the Apes, is a somber meditation on violence, revenge, family, and mortality. Like its predecessor, War for the Planet of the Apes takes elements from the forgotten Battle for the Planet of the Apes. But as where Dawn seemed to resemble Kingdom of Heaven in terms of thematic material, War boldly takes from Apocalypse Now. This is made obvious from a few scenes and Easter eggs but it is made most apparent in our antagonist - The Colonel. Woody Harrelson lumbers across the screen as a sociopathic former US military officer who commands a small division of right-wing SS fanatics. Preaching of "holy war" and speaking primarily in apocalyptic language, he ruthlessly enslaves or slaughters any ape or infected human encountered. Much like the Boltons from Game of Thrones, he has a penchant for mutilating his victims and placing them on X-shaped crosses outside the walls of his snowy fortress as a warning. (Yes, I made another GoT reference, get over it.) Harrelson's look and mannerisms mimic Colonel Kurtz from Apocalypse Now and a few key scenes highlight this allusion. Facing him is our returning hero Caesar, mo-caped and portrayed by Andy Serkis. As the protagonist of this trilogy, we have watched Caesar grow as a character from the beginning, and it is truly heartbreaking watching him endure the hardships that War throws at him and his clan. Serkis delivers as we have come to expect, and his total commitment is award worthy. The scenes in which Caesar and the Colonel face off are the highlights of the movie. Still, the crux of the film lies in the familial relationships between the apes and the choices they make. Matt Reeves has success filming both the heavy drama and the action, just as he did with Dawn with plenty of long takes and a good slow pace to let key scenes breathe. (If Reeves in indeed helming the next Batman flick, then the internet has little to worry about, Ben Affleck or not.) The CGI on the primates continues to improve and in conjunction with the mo-cap, we can see a beautiful range of emotion from the actors to the final result on screen. War is a particularly dark film, but it has excellent payoff and provides one of the greatest endings to a trilogy ever. Dawn is still the best in terms of pure cinematic merit, but War for the Planet of the Apes is easily the most entertaining. Perhaps there will be follow-ups on down the road, but if this were to be the finale then I would be completely satisfied and relieved. This is mandatory viewing, as it is one of the best pictures of the year and provides a clear rubric for crafting large scale action/dramas.	4
Good, especially the acting. But not sure I found it as exciting as the first two films in the reboot.	3
Un exelente final a una gran trilogía.	4
Absolute Trash. Someone please tell me how you outrun an avalanche and climb 30 trees with an arrow in your kidney. Caesar by the third film though benevolent should be an experienced killer, yet in the midst of war death is relished as a new experience.	1
This is a drama, not an action film. It would be a painfully dry film if you expect the latter. Each ape character is strangely human and personable, and while it's easy to expect spectacle and nothing more (the CGI is brilliant as usual), the film's technical wizadry excels by perfectly animating facial expressions and capturing the nuances of each ape.	4
Pretty decent, though I'm far more impressed by the CGI than its simple-minded story. The apes occupy like 95% of the story, and there are only 2 humans of any consequence (the mute girl and crazy Woody), unless you count the crossbow Latino guy (who, in a funny coincidence, drew a picture of an ape in Freedom Writers, haha).	4
The best movie yet(beside the original )	5
At long last we have a trilogy that is truly exceptional from beginning to end. The last time any trilogy was this refined was Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings Trilogy. Rise was a fascinating look at the start of a new species, Dawn is one of the smartest Hollywood Blockbusters ever, and War is a almost perfect way to end off the series. The movie is a dark brooding masterpiece that contains the greatest motion capture in film history. When you see a close up on Caesar you will swear that it is a real ape that happens to be a great actor. Speaking of acting Andy Serkis knocks it out of the park in a Oscar worthy performance. But Serkis isn't the only tour de force in this movie, no he shares that prize with Woody Harrelson who is one of the greatest baddies to hit the screen since Koba in the last movie. The cinematography in this movie is stunning from start to finish making it one of the best directed movies I have ever seen. The film also goes deep into human nature much like it's two predecessors. And while it can seem to have a dark look on society there is always a small beam of light shining through. This isn't a perfect film however it does have it's flaws, the title is very misleading as it is easily the most lite on action in the trilogy. It also has a slightly weak conclusion that left me feeling a little disappointed. That being said this movie has one of the greatest first acts in film history and the second and third acts aren't far behind. This is my favorite movie of the year so far and it solidify's this trilogy as one of the best in movie history.	5
A really well done of closing for the apes trilogy. It did lack the war that was promised but the emotional portrayal was great from the Apes.	4
From the beginning of time in 1968 when Charlton Heston crashed land onto a "mysterious" planet to the humanizing reboot series that depicts the beginning, it's an act of cinematic-style evolution. While the original films provided an ideal setting for the film series, the reboot trilogy today became the more definitive, most captivating approach towards the Planet of the Apes. (And genuinely as one of the best trilogies through the cinema). The latest end of a trilogy, the latest blockbuster offering, the latest chapter of the Apes, "War for the Planet of the Apes" adds into its predecessor's mastery with more power and emotions, including sensitivity this time that circles back to "Rise".About two years since "Dawn" whereas the US military got contacted, Caesar and his tribe of intelligent apes got forced to fully defend their rightful peace and harmony close to the moving enemy lines against an army of humans being led by the ruthless Colonel. When the deadly conflict struck into the heart's chords through the suffering of unimaginable losses, Caesar's morality gets into conflict as he struggles against his darker instincts to avenge the losses of his kind. As he wrestles, he's soon given the Colonel's perspective of the matter as the two leaders of the species goes through leadership and what's best for their respective species that would determine not only just the fate of the two but the planet's future.The third chapter has a balance of graceful beauty and power through the slightly heightened aspects while overall intellectually masterful, with director Matt Reeves returned with more to be felt and said after the previous chapter that established the expectations for this film. Coming along with the established expectations is the expectancy of how the film will turn out considering how the pinnacle finale of a trilogy is most of the time the best when circling back to the first chapter for narrative completeness. However, the chapter's path not only filled with culminated plot points that approached a narrative structure differently, there were sensitivity in a way of attached emotional resonance to the few most unexpected turns, including the literal sensitivity upon the developmental treatment in the middle.Without spoiling much on what occurred in the film that became a surprising twist for the rest of the plot to run on, which was quietly hinted in the trailers, the harshness from "Rise" resurfaced at a greater scale that's reasonable on the narrative stance. While it radiates sadness and proves pivotal for strength in heartening developments, it couldn't be helped but also felt controversial as an unfortunate reference to the Nazi's concentration camps for the Jews. How pivotal the tough presence is to the plot stirred a movement within that led to a fresh climax that's not generic. It's a little rough seating towards a worthwhile payoff to simply put it.Speaking of which, the opening scene, in the usual position, gives you the sense of the overall tone and style that the film carries, showing how an enemy line moves in between the two species when one moving towards the other. From that, the direction is like any war film, with the cinematography shining on the mo-cap/CGI Apes to give them an in-sync coherence of the sequences, which is how the special effects has performed for those characters that's spoken gracefulness as a taste of the overall mastery, while the accompanied script provides intellect.Behind and alongside the visual effects whilst expressing the written solidness of the script is the performances from a fitting unique cast. Andy Serkis done another great performance as Caesar, who talks more with more emotions further expressed than the previous two films. His antagonistic literal polar opposite the ruthless Colonel provides countering, yet equivalent views on the occurring circumstances in the conflict as they were very well-delivered and pressured by Woody Harrelson. While the returned cast from the predecessor performed nicely with some evolving touch to further their level, the two standouts among the supporting cast are Amiah Miller in her breakthrough performance as a little girl who connects with the apes, and Steve Zahn as another intellect ape with a friendly heart and brief comic relief. Thanks to the cast and the energy they brought into their performances, the film's character-driven based on their own morality and emotional connections.Finally, similar to the opening scene's position to foretell the impression of the film, and just like a couple other films most recently, one of the best filmic devices as a typical quality is the music. The score for this film was majestic, and yet very familiar in a pleasant tone till it was found out that one of the great music composers today, Michael Giacchino, done it again for another film. His trademark is now apparent on being close to the original vision and expressing the current emotions non-diegetically, including the importance of the trilogy's few themes: family and unity.Despite getting into sensitive territory later on, the efforts of the enriched aspects being collaborative with each other selectively towards an effective communication are what made "War for the Planet of the Apes" really good at a masterful, majestic level, as in another popcorn entertainment offering being A-rated at a 4-star level. It would've met its expected 4.5-star rating if it weren't for the heaviness of the harsh reality, even though it's a necessary burden to go through. At the end, the appreciative entertainment value labels this as the best, more complex film of the decades-long franchise. (A-)	4
The best movie of the year	5
The Planet of the Apes prequels is the best thing that's ever happened to the franchise-- because they try to establish some sanity to the series. It wasn't until I rewatched the first one recently (Rise) that I noticed how much it hasn't held up since its 2011 release-- CGI has become more realistic in just 6 years, and the delivery of the story comes off more comical than intended. The second movie (Dawn) however is still a solid film. With the origins established, it had the freedom to create tension and add a level of gravitas you wouldn't think imaginable for a movie half-devoted to talking CGI apes.Now with the release of War of the Planet of the Apes, the circumstances are hinted to be turned way up. The problem is... that doesn't really happen, and only mildly so at movie's end. There is no major clash between Ape and Man-- the real clash is between Cesar and, well, himself. Unlike the time which passed between the first two films, this movie pretty much takes place right where the second film leaves it. This is significant because with the large amount of time passing between the first two movies, the director doesn't need to waste time on hashing out all the events which led to that movie. Unfortunately, War of the Planet of the Apes is set up to be more like a "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Pt. 2", which is exactly what happens. The audience is left to follow Cesar down the familiar territory of questioning if humans are redeemable, a conundrum that should have been resolved by the end of last movie, and also avoidable with precedented time jump.While Cesar was a/the prominent character in these prequels, it's not until this movie he is made THE main character. This is also significant, because with this subtle change it eliminates a strong human cast, which was a pivotal element of the last movie's strength. Can Cesar's computer animated shoulders handle this weight? Visually, the CGI of Cesar, paired with Andy Serkis's performance do well to humanize Cesar. But this eventually wears out, as the movie carries on mostly with apes on screen. The story gives an obligatory comedic character to what otherwise becomes a very drawn out adventure, but even the inserted humor doesn't mask the slow pacing of an already unnecessary story. The fact that the story involves almost exclusively four apes also weakens the tension and scale.With "War" being the least ambiguous out of its predecessors' throwaway titles, it was a big letdown seeing the direction this movie took the franchise. Apes were STILL the inferior group in the world, despite their ability to shoot guns in the previous movie and carry a disease that killed off almost all the human race. It took a very long time for this movie to get to its point, yet although a rather boring episode to sit through, it ironically is still better than the original movies.	3
Yes!!! BEST LEADER EVER!!!	5
This is not the Return of the King level of war that the title and trailers will have you believe. This is a dark, dramatic meditation on crossing the line of ones morals and your level of enjoyment will depend on whether you wanted that or not. It goes without saying though that the performances are incredible, especially by Andy Serkis, who gives one of the best performances of 2017, the cinematography is beautiful and the action sequences are thrilling and will more than likely leave fans of Rise and Dawn satisfied beyond belief by this conclusion to the trilogy.	5
aaaaah; i fricken LOVE these movies. this one was a little more story than action, but it was great. it ended way too soon. Woody Harrelson is such a great villain, haha. & it was a pretty great setup for Nova.	5
Awesome! WE ARE FAMILY!	5
Great movie, "rise" will remain the best in my eyes but this one was certainly very good.	3
The best one of the series.	3
After two incredible remakes, this tale of revenge and implausibility was slow moving, single focused and never reached it's potential. It was well acted, but so poorly paced and un-redemptive that mid way through you will begin looking at your watch.	2
A decent ending to this new Planet of the Apes trilogy. Satisfying? Eh.. maybe not so much. The title is very misleading as this could have either been called Revenge on the Planet of the Apes or Escape from Prison on the Planet of the Apes, as there wasn't really much of a war which would be my main stickler here. This is probably a bit of a generous rating, it could have been better but there were some cool nods to the original Planet of the Apes movies as in the previous new entries. Average at best.	3
A firm 3/5 stars for me. The pace is slower in this third outing and in order to enjoy this you have to buy into the fact that CGI Apes can deliver emotional performances as good as their human counterparts. At a specific point I lost sight of this and found it difficult to keep believing that Apes were strong together ??I also expected to see an all out war and to see the guile of the apes pitted against the evil technology and machines of man. I got some of this in places but felt I was watching an emotional journey of an CGI Ape going all out to get revenge. So given that I didn't get an all out WAR movie it slips to 3 stars...call it Revenge of the Planet of the Apes and now you're talking a easy 4!	3
Well done, but the movie felt a bit slow. However, ending was exactly as it should be.	3
Lots of feelings (although only "CGI generated feelings"). Unfortunately the script is somehow lackluster. There s actually not much of an interesting plot. I can recommend it to all who loved the previous parts!	2
There's no hedging of bets with a co-human lead on this one - Caesar (Andy Serkis) is the undisputed star of the powerful and genuinely moving third installment of the new Planet of the Apes trilogy. And if, at the very least, the film doesn't win the Best SFX Oscar, there truly is no justice in this world. Matt Reeves, Serkis, and the SFX wizards have smashed the uncanny valley to pieces by bringing to full-fledged life not just Caesar, but the many supporting characters of the film. It is an astounding achievement made all the more gratifying by how emotionally captivating and narratively engaging this tale of war, loss, compassion, and humanity is told. This is one remake that I'm exceptionally grateful for having ignored the 'reboot naysayers' to bring an incredible new take on a genuine classic to the big screen! Kudos to all involved!	4
"War for the Planet of the Apes" is an astonishing end to one of the best trilogies of all time.	4
This is one of the best movies of the year! The plot was great, very engaging. Special effects wow the audience. Impossible not to feel the drama an agony of Cesar trying to protect his family.	5
It was done well, but the storyline did not jive too much with the much better and awesome second picture ,so I was alittle disappointed by it, I would have built on the great 2nd one with the sobcalled Battleship version and kept some of the quality actors humans and added one more to play the admiral of what's left of the US Naval forces, and had the apes becomes much more deadly with modern weapons.	3
Adequate story, good effects, not fast paced as it made us believe to be based on the trailer, there were slow parts, but overall its a good movie. Best scene in Imax.	4
It broke my heart, but I loved it so much. A very fitting conclusion.	5
I absolutely loved this third and I guess final film of the series. This movie was very emotional and I did cry some. I'm hoping this is not the end but we will have to wait and see. If you were a fan of the original film series with Roddy McDowall, then you will definitely love this third film.	5
Fitting conclusion to a well made trilogy.	4
A fitting finale movie for this iteration of the series. The CGI work was fantastic but in the end Woody Harrelson just didn't do it for me as an antagonist.	3
So disappointing after previous associated films. Plot was a rip-off of other films, most obviously Apocalypse Now, - so sacrilege to copy such a great film. Admiration for actors as well as film and effect makers but they deserved a much better story.	1
Excellent movie which points straight to the human nature.	5
Excellent movie that makes you think about what it is to be human. I went in expecting something else and came out surprised and satisfied. There are a lot of similarities to a lot of the Vietnam War movies (think Apocalypse Now) and many "human touches" as well (even if it's the apes that seem more human). In the end, I found myself cheering for Caesar and his family in spite of who I might identify more with. Highly recommended!	5
War for the Planet of the Apes lacks of interest in the first half of the movie, because its rare to turn a noiseless monkey movie interesting in the eyes of a human being, it reminds The Revenant but with monkeys. However the second half its gory, dark, interesting, it counts with a witted touching narrative, the characters become interesting and the visual effects are dazzling. Very original but it could have been a little more twisted.	4
This Planet of the Apes film is the best storytelling one out of all of them. The only down part about this film is that I wish there was a lot more action in it. When you see the title "War for the Planet of the Apes" you think there would be a lot more action. Especially the way they advertised it. But still, way better storyline than the past two films and really looking forward to see how they make the story more.	4
after two already amazing movies called rise and dawn of the planet of the apes, I was ready for this one to be just as good.....and it was.	4
onight I made a rare trip to the movie theater to watch War for the Planet of the Apes and it was worth it. Going into the theater without watching any of the previous movies in the series ( which I regret now) I fell into the plot. I didn't know some key plot points and important characters, but the beginning of the movie gave me a recap. Throughout the whole movie I was on the edge of my seat. The plot wasn't very deep with only one true problem and barely any problems to be solved. Two things that made the movie was the amazing music and the actors in it. Each set of music help bring more tension or emotion to each scene. With the wonderful acting of Andy Serkis ( Cesar) and Woody Harrelson ( the Colonel) rounded out the movie well. The only thing I felt like this movie was missing was character development. Some characters were brought in for no reason and they had no role in the plot Ex. Nova	3
A fun conclusion to the prequel trilogy.	4
Dull. Final battle between humans, not apes vs. humans	1
WAR FOR THE PLANET OF THE APES-2017(PG-13)-Aug. 19.By:Clem The Movie Guy.War for the Planet of the Apes is the third & final installment of this epic reboot of the original Planet of the Apes series. For the past 15 years, Caesar (Andy Serkis), a highly intelligent chimpanzee, has been protecting his family & clan of genetically enhanced apes from the humans who want to destroy them Since the release of the ALZ-113 virus, also known by the human survivors as the Simian Flu, that began in Rise of the Planet of the Apes & globally killed billions of people. Despite the betrayal of Koba (Toby Kebbell) who in Dawn of the Planet of the Apes brought on the war between humans & apes Caesar still wants to believe that there can be peace between humans & apes. Caesar?s world is rocked when his wife Cornelia (Judy Greer) & son Blue Eyes (Max Lloyd-Jones) are killed by Colonel McCullough (Woody Harrelson) who along with his military team have infiltrated the apes?s hideout. Realizing that woods are no long safe for them, Caesar tells his remaining clan that they must forge on in search of a new home while Caesar along with his loyal friends; orangutan Maurice (Karin Konoval), chimp Rocket (Terry Notary), & gorilla Luca (Michael Adamthwaite) begin the long journey across the vast icy ruins of the planet to find McCullough & get payback for the murder of Caesar?s wife & son. During the journey Caesar struggles with the conflict between his desire for revenge & his duty to protect his clan only to arrive at his destination to find  his clan being held captive in the former quarantine facility that McCullough has made his headquarters. Dawn of the Planet of the Apes?s Matt Reeves returns as director & co-wrote the screenplay with Mark Bomback, War for the Planet of the Apes is the most compelling & intense film in the series. It plays more like a powerful drama then a big time summer action film. The performances from the cast were riveting & emotional. Despite this film being the final chapter in this series, there are plans of more Planet of the Apes films down the road which I think is a HUGE mistake. War for the Planet of the Apes is a MUST-SEE FILM if you can still find it in theatres, but if not then you MUST-SEE IT ON DVD/BLU-RAY.	5
SCOTT: (Dr. Scott Allison, Professor of Psychology, University of Richmond) Greg, it appears the apes have learned, War, what is it good for? GREG: (Greg Smith, Founder of Agile Writers of Richmond, VA) Andy Serkis returns as Caesar - it looks like another Serkis show. Let s recap:SCOTT: Caesar (Andy Serkis), the leader of the ape clan, is deep in the forest but under siege from frequent attacks by a human army called Alpha-Omega. During one attack, he captures several soldiers and learns that a dangerous Colonel (Woody Harrelson) is hellbent on destroying the apes. As a goodwill gesture, Caesar releases the soldiers. During the next attack, however, Caesar s wife Cornelia (Judy Greer) and son Blue Eyes (Max Lloyd-Jones) are killed. Caesar is infuriated and sets out alone to kill the Colonel.GREG: But his closest friends won t let him go alone. The four of them happen upon a man who tries to kill them and they kill him instead. Back in his hut is a mute young girl who joins them on their trek. It s not long before they find Colonel s base. One of the turncoat apes tells Caesar that Colonel and his team have trekked off to a detention base where they are going to meet another army troupe. So, Caesar, his three friends, and a tagalong little girl start their journey to intercept and kill the Colonel.SCOTT: Greg, once again we re faced with the task of reviewing a movie that s a tiny slice of a larger story arc. For me, this makes evaluation of the film difficult. If we consider this movie individually, solely on its own merits, it is less than satisfying. There are long, drawn out scenes devoted to character development. These scenes are effective in that regard, and in the context of the larger whole (i.e., the complete Ape franchise) these scenes are probably necessary for good storytelling. But they make this installment of the franchise a slow slog at times. For now, let me focus on the positives. War for the Planet of the Apes does succeed is offering up stunning cinematography and remarkable CGI effects. These talking, intelligent apes are more realistic than ever, and scenes involving snowy mountain vistas and fiery battle scenes are breathtaking. As with previous Planet of the Apes films, I applaud the portrayal of variations within complex groupings of apes and humans, as well as the depiction of myriad leadership processes. The social psychology here oozes with riveting realism.GREG: Scott, I thought this film failed on nearly every level. The only thing they got right was the ability to give Caesar (and not many else) great facial emotion. But the rest of the CGI was dialed in. In the prequels to this film, we can see ape hairs fluttering in the wind. But in War the ape hairs look like they are matted down with wax. There are scenes where an ape is walking around in the background. And you can nearly see the green screen outline. The story is nothing short of ridiculous. Take, for instance, the fact that Harrelson s Colonel tries to kill Caesar in the first act. Then in the second act, when Caesar is in his concentration camp, he keeps him alive. The only reason for this is so that Caesar can give a rousing speech and make the apes revolt for food and water. Colonel should have killed Caesar right away. And why did Caesar and friends take on a tagalong little girl? And after the apes killed her father, why would she have anything but hatred for them? And apparently the only reason Bad Ape gives her a gift is so that one of the apes can name her Nova - because that makes everything come full circle. This was nothing short of a stitcher movie designed to make all the loose ends of previous films come to a conclusion - by hook or by crook. It didn t need to make sense, it only needed the end to come back to the beginning.SCOTT: I do agree that this film goes to great lengths to make humans look bad and apes look good. The humans are portrayed as monolithically evil, and this point is hammered home when a soldier that Caesar freed earlier is the one who delivers the death blow to Caesar. The apes are far more heterogeneous, and Caesar is a far wiser and more merciful leader than the bloodthirsty Colonel. So that s why Caesar and friends take the girl with them -- to show us that they have a heart so that we ll root for them. Another problem with the story is the remarkably convenient avalanche that wipes out all the surviving humans at the end. Yes, we re happy that the good guys (the apes) survived their ordeal, but for survival to hinge on a freakish act of nature rather than on cunning or courage from our heroic apes, well, that left a bad taste in my mouth. Another absurdity at the end was the (again) convenient placement of enormous fuel tanks all around the defense perimeter of the fort. That sure made Caesar s task of blowing up the place easy. This year we re evaluating the hero s story and the hero s transformation. As this movie is a mere slice of a larger whole, there isn t much to go talk about. This suggests to me that these large, multi-movie arcs need to be binge-watched to be fully appreciated. Caesar transformed the most in the first installment of this franchise, slightly more in the second installment as he ascended into leadership, but here there isn t much growth for Caesar. If anything, he regresses to adopting a Koba mentality, which is hardly heroic.GREG: You re right, Caesar falls into a revenge plot and it makes him look bad. But the good news is that his surrounding friends look even more heroic. Caesar does come away looking like a strong leader. And he event looks a bit like a martyr at times. But you re right, Scott - there s little transformation for him in this film, or for anyone else. War for the Planet of the Apes has only one mission - to tie together the beginning and the ending of the series. It does so leaving visible seams. There are long meaningless scenes where little happens but Caesar looks into the camera. There are excruciatingly long scenes where someone explains everything in the movie. Notably, the villain exposition by the Colonel goes on for five minutes and is basically a recap of a movie we ll never see. I was bored to tears. I give War for the Planet of the Apes 2 out of 5 Reels. Caesar demonstrates few heroic qualities. He kills with impunity. He wants revenge on the man who killed his family and that blinds him making good decisions. He puts his trusted friends into danger. I didn t find him interesting or sympathetic. I can only give him 2 out of 5 Heroes. There are no real transformations to speak of. Caesar doesn t come to any conclusions about humans and apes. He leads his people out of the mountains and into a valley where he leaves them to live beyond the reach of the humans. I can only muster 2 Deltas out of 5. Movie: Transformations: Heroes: SCOTT: War for the Planet of the Apes works quite well as part of a larger story arc but fails to satisfy on its own 2-hour merits. I appreciated the attempt to slow down the action for the purpose of developing character depth. Some viewers, such as you, Greg, and to some extent myself as well, may find the slow pace to be burdensome to endure. After writhing through many of this summer s high-octane action movies, I welcomed this slower pace to some degree. Still, this film suffers from improbable and convenient occurrences at the end to resolve the hero s mission. Overall, the best I can do is award this movie 3 Reels out of 5. The hero s journey is but a mere slice of a larger story arc. Caesar sets out to avenge his family members deaths, a rather dubious hero s mission, but he does defeat the bad guys and save many ape lives along the way. He also rediscovers his compassion and wisdom from watching the actions of a young girl whom he rescues. Caesar s leadership is mostly inspired, and for that reason I can award him 3 Hero points out of 5. Regarding transformation, Caesar does show some regression and negative influence from his departed friend Koba, but Caesar s true heroic colors come to the fore in the end when he does right by sparing the Colonels life. These changes in Caesar are rather mild but they are there, and I ll thus give him 3 transformation Deltas out of 5. Movie: Transformations: Heroes:	2
This movie is something to behold , incredible on every level, acting , realism, story, nods to old classics and the original Planet of the Apes. I watch countless movies over and over again, taking my movie buddie daughter (21) to see WOTPOTA was the most unique and memorable experience we have had for many years. Hats off to Matt Reeves and his team , they have crafted something special	5
Decent but not as good as the last one.	3
Great way to finish this rebooted trilogy! Deep and thoughtful with some really good performances and excellent script. I'm expecting they will continue the series.	4
4.5/5- visually stunning and heart wrenching action flick explores the importance of family.	4
Great movie love it.	4
Great addition to the series.	4
The final chapter of this spectacular franchise is by far the most engaging, thought-provoking and, undoubtedly, heartbreaking.	5
A fantastic way to end a phenomenal series, there is so many good things to say about the movie but of course the stand out was the visuals, some of the best i have seen in years. the story was great, some scenes were kinda dumbed down for the general audience but in the end this movie kicked ass.	4
I'm very glad that I went to see this i liked it as much as the first and second however it could've been a tad shorter overall good fun	4
best movie of the year by far. loved it!	5
wow ! I cried because that was not cool...... what the fuck nothing have end	2
CGI is spectacular, but plot was long and drawn out.	4
With this end is demonstrated that is one of the best trilogies. The movie catches you from the first scene, with a brilliant photograph, special effects, performances, soundtrack. Each character looks especially Caesar, Nova (great character and incredible performance by Amiah Miller) and Bad Apes, with each scene you laugh and with others, you connect with them, I really liked the plot, and that brilliant ending And I found it very fair. , The whole room crying and clapping. One of the best movies of the year, great finale for a saga, exciting and sad. Andy Serkis deserves the Oscar and this movie too. I recommend it to everyone.	5
Great and emotional way to end the Caesar saga, well done.	4
War for the planet of the apes is a great movie, this is the best planet of the apes movie in the series. It's works so well and it's so well done.	4
Breathtaking with deep meanings and feelings	5
A story filled with overdone elements, portrayed in a most beautiful, poignant way.	3
La culminacion de la Nueva Trilogia del Planeta de los Simios Combina impresionantes efectos especiales, una narrativa poderosa, emocional y conmovedora, su banda es sonora y fotografia son bellisimas y Andy Serkis como Cesar esta mejor que nunca. Sin duda un cierre perfecto de esta Trilogia.No hay nada negativo que la vea a la pelicula, para los que quieren mucha accion y disparos posiblemente salgan decepcionados, la pelicula es lenta (en el buen sentido) y introspectiva; porque vemos el titulo de "El Planeta de los Simios : La Guerra" pensamos que la pelicula sera puras batallas, pero no es asi, no es de la manera que te imaginas, mas que todo muestra una guera interior de los personajes y si estan en lo correcto o no.Y esto es lo que mas gusta de la pelicula, no prefirio la conclucion epica como ultima parte de una saga como la Trilogia del Señor de los Anillos, es diferente.La banda sonora de Michael Giacchino es quiza la mas hermosa en lo que va del año, realmente combina muy bien con la pelicula.EL director Matt Reves despues de haber dirigido Cloverfiel, Let Me In, y la segunta y esta tercera parte del Planeta de los SImios demuestra que es sin duda un director muy talentoso y que se enfoca mucho en los personajes mas que explosiones y fuegos artificiales.Realmente War for the planet of The apes es una obra maestra, esta junto a Dunkirk (Dunquerque) de Christopher Nolan las mejores peliculas que van del año hasta ahora, ambas son joyas obligatorias para verlas en pantalla grande porque asi no mas cine de esta calidad no sale mucho en cartelera.Calificacion: 5 estrellas (Excelente)	5
Incrível de todos os pontos de vista, a homenagem de Matt Reeves é algo necessário no cinema de hoje.Andy Serkis se apresenta numa forma como jamais vista e entrega uma atuação emocionante durante as incansáveis 2h20 de filme.War for the Planet of The Apes tem suas barrigadas de roteiro aqui e ali, e algumas conveniências que permeiam as franquias, mas consegue reverter tudo isso com a direção assombrosa e planos surreais de Matt Reeves, o melhor diretor do mundo.É um filme que expressa o cinema atual, com temas atuais e metáforas tão sérias que deixam obras dramáticas no chinelo.Um filme feito para todos que, na verdade, poucos aguentam.	5
Very poor cap to the terrific previous installments	1
CGI was great! But it wasn't as good as the first two Planet of the Apes movies, it was slow and Cesar dies. Won't be seeing this movie again...	2
This was a petty good movie , it moved you, made you rut for the apes that wanted peace and just wanted to survive and be left alone .	4
Great sequel for a good film but the action isn't as intense and exciting as the previous two. But the development is nice and the 3rd act was really fun.	4
Functionally, the movie serves as a wrap-up to the prequels that eventually set up the very first Planet of the Apes movies. Certain questions are answered, and you have the requisite action expected of a war movie.But more than that, this movie is about confronting extinction and the erasure of legacy through the evolution of society (pun intended). Caesar speaks more in this movie than in the previous two combined, and perhaps has more spoken lines than the human characters. Serkis does an Oscar-worthy performance, conveying sadness, rage, relief, and determination via performance-capture. The emotional subtleties required in showing a layered leader are not lost, and Woody Harrelson portrays an excellent twisted counterpart and mirror to Caesar. One highlight of this movie is Steve Zahn as Bad Ape, who gives a perfect balance of fearful reluctance and determined eagerness.	4
Great ending to the trilogy. Emotional and epic	4
Enjoyed it. Interesting. Great use of CGI blended with actors in ape costumes. somewhat predictable overall but enough to keep most people interested throughout.	4
Una interesante idea de fondo en un guión asqueroso, con una música pésima y unos personajes de pacotilla, en especial el payasito de "Bad Ape" y el personaje de Woody Harrelson, que ya me tiene hasta las pelotas con sus papeles de alcohólico/furioso fracasado, a pesar de lo muy bien que me cae. La idea de fondo es buena y continua la saga de buena forma pero la historia en que la montaron es una total estupidez rellena de todos los clichés conocidos.	2
The final film in the Planet of the Apes prequel trilogy. This film ends the trilogy off with a bang and marks the end of Caesar's tenure as lead character for the franchise. The film has the best CGI to date with many of the apes looking so incredible that you could swear that it was a real animal. Each ape has it's own unique look, each ape has it's own story, each ape has it's own characteristics and personality, each ape is an individual and you really start to feel that in this film more than any other. Each ape becomes more and more "human" as they develop their own motives and show off their emotions. This is likely the first film of the trilogy to actually fully paint the humans as villains with the amazing performance of Woody Harrelson as the Colonel. The conflict between Caesar and the Colonel is not a cookie cutter battle. Each side has reasons and philosophies behind their actions and the interactions and dialogue between Caesar and the Colonel is some of the best written. The film has more comedy too in order to lighten what is an otherwise dark gritty film. In the end, it has a satisfying conclusion which marks the end to an amazing trilogy.	4
War between man and apes. Great action, fantastic cgi probably the best I've seen. Would of given it more but dragged on a bit too long	3
I thought War of the Planet of the Apes is a good one. The action is good. The is a good one in the franchise.	5
It slows down in the middle, but the characters and finale make up for it ending a great rebooted trilogy	3
No story, overdramatize long scenes, written for 12 years olds.	1
Really good but not as good as the others. Saw in the cinema.	4
By far the best planet of the apes film in the latest series. The emotional factor is groundbreaking and Andy Serkis's performance is astounding by know Andy owns this film and everyone in it. As the conclusion to these movies that have only got better and better has ended you can walk out knowing that you've seen one of the greatest films of our generation. Also how does Serkis not have an oscar!!!!!	5
Just watched yesterday with no previous information and without planning it, best way for an objective joy and I really liked it. Surprised myself mirroring more with the apes than with the humans. Remarkable characters supported by great job of Joe Letteri's visual effects supervisor along with Andy Serkis performance.	4
A movie masterpiece, however a bit too slow moving for my likes.	2
Schmaltzy, Hollywood ish attempt at a Apes tearjerker. Aside from Serkis's stunning portrayal of Caesar, there's not much to like in this wholly derivative (see Woody Harrelson as Kurtz like figure) and unoriginal movies.	1
Great movie, the best ending to the trilogy.	5
For a pg-13 movie this was dark,gritty, and brutal. This was a great conclusion to this trilogy.This film chooses to focus on characters rather than explosions and big action sequences. Andy Serkis is exceptional deserves all praise he's getting from this performance.	4
CGI was good, the plot was boring and completely known.These gap story movies are just getting worse and worse... We already know everything!Reboot something else please, the original movie series was amazing and it would have been interesting to potentially have seen a continuation of some of the original story arcs.Bring the new hollywood!	2
Was a great movie. Enjoyed everything about the movie it kept me going and waiting to see what he would be doing next.	5
Was a great movie. Enjoyed everything about the movie it kept me going and waiting to see what he would be doing next.	5
It is too bad that the series hit its peak at the last movie. Excellent story, well told, and top notch acting!	5
It never ceases to electrify me on how they seamlessly blend the apes CGI into humanity. It's nearly unambiguous in a sense in how they pull it off and it miles ahead of what the early films were like. I like the fact that they choose a new set of human characters hitting the refresh button that most series cannot pull off or not dare to touch. As much as I always like the last set, introducing new characters adds more wonder and opportunity into the franchise. It's mostly talk of this being the finale but I've heard of talks of more and as long as they follow their mantra you could make as many as you want.	4
Awesome end to the prequel trilogy, ultimately bringing us within coo-ee of the original film. Like the last one, it's a slow burner that draws you in and really makes you feel for the characters. Caesar is one of the best rendered characters (and I don't mean visually, but obviously that too) in recent blockbuster history, and Andy Serkis delivers an award-worthy performance. I'm not sure why the girl needs to be Nova, because that doesn't really connect to how she's portrayed in the originals. That said, I like the character a lot, and Amiah Miller is great. Steve Zahn is good fun as Bad Ape, and Woody is a worthy nemesis. All the ape actors deserve praise - as a great man once said, "You really believed monkeys could have meetings." Matt Reeves impresses yet again. I think he's officially made up for Cloverfield now.	5
Epic movie! Another great sequel ... keeps getting better! Another fantastic job by Woody Harrelson!	5
War for the Planet of the Apes has restored my faith in 2017. Just when I thought no blockbuster would be worthy of a perfect rating, this beauty comes along and proves me wrong. Oh. My. Word. This was absolutely phenomenal. Flawless in terms of the summer blockbuster season. A damn masterpiece in conveying conflict in both war and within one's self. A defining film that will change motion capture imagery for the future (Avatar may have just lost its crown). An action spectacle that knows how to balance explosions with thought-provoking themes and dialogue. A finale that ends a fantastic trilogy (that really we didn't deserve) and cements it as one of the best trilogies of all time. Another reason to love Andy Serkis even more due to his captivating lead performance and consistent hard work on and off screen. So much grit and realism that you'll be questioning to yourself halfway through: "...hang on, these are CGI apes right?" as your mind melts and becomes entranced by the sheer perfection of every piece of fur that's visible to human eye as it blows gently in the snowy winds!! So. Much. Emotion. I teared not once, not twice, but three damn times. It's relentless, the waves of emotion just kept crashing down on me...and yet I didn't want to escape. I've grown attached to these complex emotive characters for three films, every chapter felt like getting to know them. The beauty of it is, that the dialogue is minimal...is all in their eyes! So many scenes where the Apes look directly into the camera...into my soul! The human girl added a much needed symbol to the plot: innocence. The dialogue between Harrelson's "Colonel" and Caesar was palpable, a five minute scene just of raw powerful dialogue. Bad Ape was a much required lighthearted character who brings some smiles because this film is relentlessly depressing, I warn you now, your soul will be drained of all emotions. But my God what a journey, no regrets whatsoever. Without a doubt, War for the Planet of the Apes gets the perfect rating.	5
War is a perfect closing act to the prequel trilogy but I kinda thought that 2014's dawn was a bit more engaging because It gave us an Ape vs Ape story. War just seems a little slow-paced and not giving us more of what we want from the franchise but by god if they do more with this, that would be so awesome.	4
if well it is true that "Rise" and "Dawn" are better made tan "War", this new edition of The Planet of The Apes franchise is fueled with ethics and morals that makes it the most human among the saga.	3
Very entertaining and action the whole movie.	5
War improves every aspect that made the first two movies good. This movie gets almost everything right. I highly recommend it.	4
Could RISE, DAWN & WAR be the best Prequel Trilogy of all time?! And I agree - Andy Serkis deserves an Oscar!!	4
the first half of this movie I got bored with but the second half was as good as dawn also Bad Ape was the standout	3
'Rise' was excellent as was 'Dawn', now 'War for the Planet of the Apes' is here to conclude the rebooted trilogy, on a very dramatic, satisfying and emotional note that fits in line with the original 1968 film in such gratification, I can't help but applaud the team that made these films. Continuing it's grand tradition of featuring some amazing special effects they almost look life-like, along with including some grand settings to put forth an epic journey with a plot that takes many twists and turns, this film does what a concluding trilogy entry should do. Add to that, some great characters, brilliantly written and performed with the realization of motion capture, that truly make this era stand out in comparison to the past franchise entries. On a small note there are some scene of exposition that slow the film down a notch, without having to show anything for it for better or worse, though everything else from the initial subject matter, thought provoking themes within the nature of the plot and characters and the superb action, this film is another 2017 standout that should be experienced on the big screen for sure while it lasts. On a personal note, I did think 'Dawn' and a better story within the entire trilogy especially when it cam to the compelling nature of the two factions between humans and apes, even though the humans aren't as interesting, it's expected they're played less here than the two previous films.	4
A little Apocalypse Now, a little Dark Knight, a little EPIC. This is one of the best film of the year if not THE best. Story, story, story. Being a massive vfx film, you know it's good when you don't even notice fx. This is CG done RIGHT. Wow!	5
One of the top 10 movies of this year for sure, definitely better than the first two.????	5
I have to admit...I am a die hard POTA fan, so this movie is no different from the others...another hit and I can't wait for the next one!	4
Thrilling exciting suspenseful in all very very good	4
amazing ... a few questionable plot mechanics...	4
This movie had a lot of action, and feelings.	5
Not as good as the first 2 but a solid entry and conclusion to Caesar's story. A few noted inconsistencies plus it was never a war story as the name of the movie implied. However, the movie succeeded in making an Ape more human than entire humanity and further shed light on how stupid humanity is in killing itself for nothing. The movie suffered from being too weepy at times instead of focusing on the ape/human conflict. Kobas replacement is a miscast. Never thought I would say that about Woody. I missed Koba	3
I love Planet of the Apes so much since the first one, this one did not disappoint me for sure! Good story!	5
All in all this is a superb film with few flaws. Yes, it may be a little on the long side being just under 2 1/2 hours, but every minute is worth it; from beginning to end it's a gorgeously shot, emotional journey that will keep you captivated and emotionally engaged. You'll fall in love with the characters, forget they're animated, and feel every joy and tragedy as if they're happening to you that very moment. A compelling, emotional and engaging sci-fi/ war film that's more than a fitting end to an excellent trilogy. The third film isn't always the best, but this one is, hands down. Apes together strong!	5
I was surprised at how good this was. I haven't seen any Planet of the Apes films since the first one of these three and I couldn't remember much so I thought I'd be confused, but the film wordlessly explains what's going on very well and I thoroughly enjoyed it.	4
War for the Planet of the Apes is a powerful film. It is about Caesar who wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind after the apes suffer unimaginable losses. Andy Serkis and Woody Harrelson give amazing performances. The script is well written. Matt Reeves did a great job directing this movie. I enjoyed watching this motion picture because of the action and adventure. War for the Planet of the Apes is a must see.	4
Beautiful trilogy, beautiful ending. Lost for words and almost teared up at the end	5
An exciting action packed film with wonderful visual effects , a wonderful Andy Serkis performance and a deep satisfying ending.	5
I've been unexpectedly wowed by this trilogy!	5
OK, speaking as a novice to this series of Ape films culminating into this, I liked it. Again, as a novice to the chain, the only problem I had was with seemed to be an overt humanistic casting of character, Caesar. I don't think it took such an extreme to equate his anger to that of the insensitive and destructive character of man. I was likewise disappointed in Woody Harrelson's character who seemed to be much more gritty and ridiculously villainous in the trailers. Otherwise, good movie!	3
Para mi gusto la segunda mejor de la saga despuÃ (C)s de la primera. Los efectos se superaron enormemente, la historia resuelve varias dudas con respecto a la pelÃ­cula de los 70's, personajes entraÃ±ables. NO es de mucha acciÃ³n pero la trama es sÃ³lida y te mantiene pegado al asiento. Muy buena pelÃ­cula llena de easter eggs para los fans.	4
Pretty good trilogy end for this franchise, came in a little late but what I've seen was good. The apes looked real couldn't tell were they all cgi? Woody Harrison character was a A-hole, he played him very well, the little girl did her thing too. Much watch again to see all that I've missed.	4
A lot of emotional scenes. Great CG. Story is good. The least favorite out of 3 movies. But ties the concept of Planet of the Apes story.	3
great movie with some of the best visual effects ever seen on screen, if the apes looked phenomenal in the 1st and 2nd film, in this one they look more real than ever, you almost can feel like if they were real apes. each mark in their face, each look, each movement, damn it, give the visual effects department an oscar right now. also it helps a lot the actors that are behing the animated-apes, even the one with the smallest role, they are all great, but serkins, ohh dear Serkins, he is the movie, he is the one who gets your attention from the moment he first appears to the last frame of the movie, his motion-capture performances was great in the first, 2 movies, but in this one he delivers his best performance of the 3. you can really feel what he is feeling, you see it in every single gesture he does, the way he looks, the way he talks, he really deserves a lot of recognition for this, he´s made a character for the ages...give him an oscar right now as well. the score is veru powerful too, I loved how every single scene in the movie was along with a great score.now the movie: I think this one is not as good as the 2nd one (which I loved with all my heart) but I think it´s still a very solid conclusion to an exeptional trilogy.my major problem is with the script, specially with some script choices, but overall still very worth watching and enjoyable movie. this one is not your usually blockbuster full of explotions and fights (of course it has some of it tho). but a more smart movie, a one that makes you wonder a lot of things and demands the viewer patience, don´t expect a fight or a battle every 5 minutes, this one is not about that, it is much more than that, and if you can hold with that for a little more than 2 hours, it ´s going to be a great experience.	4
Found it boring and long. Too much unexplained. Should not be bored during an action film.	1
An excellent addition to an exception prequel series to the classic saga, and an adequately redemptive reboot to help wipe the Wahlberg-edition stain from the Apes franchise. I'll be glad to pick up a bundled or boxed set of Caesar's story for my collection. Fantastic all-around, and Serkis' portrayal of the titular ape was masterful and emotive in all the right ways. I hope to much more such quality work from him. Only a few niggling points hold back my fifth star; this film is well worth your time if you've managed to overcome the typical US attention span and can appreciate simply good storytelling.	4
Great story and absolutely amazing acting and SFX.	4
Apes! Together! Strong! :D	5
The best part I've ever must watch not reccomend for children under 7i	5
Nicely done. A creditable sequel to previous chapters.	4
Get out the popcorn. This is pure entertainment! I can't remember what exactly was happening because I forgot at least half of the previous story lines but still enjoyed it. Woody is superb! Is he ever not?	3
War for the planet of the box office! Wow is all I have to say! This movie never ceased to amaze me I was on the edge of my seat the whole time and it felt as if I was in the movie myself this third installment of the prequels to the original Planet of The Apes has to be the most nail biting, emotional roller coaster. I can not name one thing wrong with this movie!	5
Thought provolking as always. The addition of the human child into the ape culture was brilliant.	4
The culmination of perhaps not just the trilogy, but of motion capture as a cinematic technique. Andy Serkis remains the undisputed most valuable player (if he isn?t Oscar nominated for this, the institution loses all credibility), but the whole cast creates such vivid characters that it takes some time for the audience to notice that this entry has dispensed with a human protagonist. The allegories aren?t always subtle and there?s a couple of unnecessary callouts to earlier incarnations of the franchise, but the end result is good enough for such quibbles to be forgiven.	4
Enjoyed. Go see! Not all fighting. There was a few humor moments. Good versus evil. Some visions of Vietnam, nazis. Slavery. Cleverness. Tender moments and tears. Some stories lines and looks that could be revisited in discussions about movie. What were characters doing and what were they thinking? Bad to hate because hate destroys.	4
An absolute masterpiece, enough said! Watch it!	5
War for the Planet of the Apes 3.5/5 Stars Andy Serkis gives an outstanding performance (or two!) in collaboration with the CG artists to bring Ceasar the ape to life on the big screen for the third time. Great supporting performances from Woody Harrelson, Steve Zahn and several other motion capture actors/actresses make for wild visual dramatics. Which is necessary because "War.." is not heavy on dialogue. The cinematography is incredible and the world of this story breathes like a real evergreen forest. The character development and everything visual about this film is just terrific. If you enjoyed the first two then i can highly recommend the third installment. Where Apes 3 loses a few points for me is that the plot points and locations are very derivative of the first two movies. The film has some of the same problems that many of the "third of a trilogy" films have; and that is that in some ways it intermixes parts of 1 and 2 and tries to shine up bits of the story we've already seen to try and make it look like something new. This is particularly grievous when the story could have been well served, or even epic if it had gone in a new and interesting direction. The conclusion for me, was a little weak and unsatisfying on the intellectual level. On the other hand there haven't been many other summer blockbusters with as much emotional depth and connection. Bleak but intriguing.	3
After his solidly good "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes," Matt Reeves has made "War for the Planet of the Apes" even better. The set pieces that it refers to other movies, (such as "The Bridge on River Kwai" and "The Ten Commandments"), works really well as the performances and the heart of the story. It is all-around gripping. My full opinion: 9.3/10.	4
the best planet of the apes	5
Great movie! Dark and made you think. A few great actions scenes broken up by comedy and slower moments	5
A visually striking and emotionally charged film, the last chapter in the Caesar saga brings an action-packed story, with note-worthy performances from Andy Serkis and Woody Harrelson.	4
My Favorite Film of the Year so far.	4
personally i enjoyed the movie, and found that it resemble some part of human history like Moses. The CG is worth to watch in the big screen.	4
This movie is SOOOOO Overrated. Can't believe I paid $16 to see this. Terrible writing & bad storyline. Didn't feel for any of the characters. Wait till it comes out on Netflix if you must see it.	2
A film boasting such a talented cast and crew is let down by a poorly conceived plot that values allegory over actual storytelling. Still, the production quality is sky high, but it feels like a missed opportunity to create something truly special.	3
Funny I wish I can add another star to this rating and I won't be surprised if this movie an Oscar it make me believe!	4
Stunning production values, good plot but too sentimental.	4
kind of cheesy but good.	4
The movie was great and that ending was awesome	5
Personally liked this film less than its predecessors but the special effects, comedic value and action keeps getting better. I loved it and it was really well thought out. Honestly even though it felt weaker than others in its franchise, Planet of the Apes keeps putting out quality films in the series, they're all must watch cinema.	4
Very good movie, in keeping with the similar style of previous movies from the same franchise. Phenomenal graphics, which we expect from movies like this. In this movie there is a carry through of seamless graphics.	5
MaxJ(squarebear)(mmoose) approved	5
Just as the prequels before. Brilliant story line and acting.	5
it is a powerful movie, the best rebooted trilogy ever	5
Honestly this film had nothing to do with WAR.	2
Nothing compared to the first two.	2
A solid ending for the apes	4
Que lindo ver películas que tienen visión de autor pese a ser blockbuster. Lindo y valiente. Directores así mantendrán vivo el 7mo arte. Esta trilogía completa tiene hartas 2das lecturas, como racismo, xenofobia, animalismo, crítica a la raza humana, etc. En general diría que es una disección super completa de la raza humana."Guerra" tiene un hermoso lenguaje cinematográfico. Escenas con poco diálogo y un poco más largas que lo habitual del cine de hoy. Se agradece, pq al final el cine es principalmente para mirar y escuchar ambiente o música, no para escuchar solo diálogo continuo (para eso está el teatro) o eternas sobreexplicaciones. "Guerra" te da ese tpo para mirar e interpretar.Al igual que en la 2da, el setting distópico me pareció hermoso. En muchas escenas me sentí viendo una obra de arte. Eso yo diría que es la confluencia entre tomas más largas de lo habitual, buena fotografía, silencios (muchos silencios, película valiente), más la dirección de arte del setting. También pq no hay abuso de efectos CGI, los cuales están mejor logrados que nunca.Yo diría que el protagonista de la película es nuestra humanidad. Lo que nos hace humanos me refiero, nuestros sentimientos, y como los simios los han adoptado. Tanto lo bueno como lo malo. Los sentimientos más básicos, como compasión, odio, miedo, amor, cobardía, entendimiento, traición, redención, etc. Es en los simios donde la representación de dichos sentimientos alcanza peaks enormes. Deben ser las mejores actuaciones CGI que he visto, impecables las expresiones faciales de los simios. Por momentos, brillantes momentos, conmovedor. Tanto, que en innumerables ocasiones sus expresiones decían todo, sin necesidad de decir "estoy enojado", "estoy triste", nada. Por eso cada balazo que sueltan te duele. Estás todo el rato como "por favor no disparen. ¡Sus vidas!". Eso me parece cine bien hecho, no las películas caricaturescas donde mueren 10000 personas como si nada.Otra lectura que veo en esta película y en la anterior es que el desarrollo de la inteligencia en una sociedad como que viene de la mano con el surgimiento de la crueldad. Algo casi exclusivamente humano diría, pero existen casos de delfines que han matado solo por placer. Y todos sabemos lo inteligentes que son. Muy bien plasmada esa idea del director en esta peli y la anterior.Si quieren ir al cine a pensar, interpretar dobles lecturas, a ser un poco exigidos como espectador, esta es su película. Sino, sigan viendo "Transformers" o "Dioses de Egipto", jaja (Esas películas son como el reggaetón del cine, jaja). En la era del cine penca y de los espectadores de bajo nivel (un círculo vicioso esas 2 cosas), este tipo de cine brilla. Es un rayo de sol en días nublados. Al final yo solo quiero decir que hace años César es mi ídolo, yo votaría por él en vez de Sánchez, Guillier o Piñera, jaja. 4.5 de 5.	4
Una pelicula que con demuestra que no solo un dialogo es capaz de emocionarte, una gran pelicula igual que sus anteriores y por fin Cesar pordrá tener su merecido descanso.	5
Dragged on to much. Plus is got confusing at times with, who, what, why!	2
Great storyline and action. Well worth it.	5
What a great film will be adding this to my collection.	5
The series continues to be great	4
For me this movie fails and fails badly and as a fan of the previous two movies i left the cinema feeling cheat by a poor story line, unbelievable motives and a terrible script that left the movie with childlike characters.	2
This is an excellent movie! What really got my attention in this film was the fact it was filled with moments that were surprisingly funny along with moments that were very emotional and engaging. From a technical standpoint, it both an audio and visual masterpiece. The acting is awesome, the visuals are spectacular, the story is well constructed, and the sense of urgency and drama are engaging and memorable. War for the Planet of the Apes is a perfect end to one of the small handfuls of great film trilogies in living memory. On a side note, I couldn't help but notice that there were some subtle, but not so subtle, references to the current political climate, particularly toward the current president's objective of building a wall, which I thought was completely pointless. Aside from that, the rest of the movie is as wonderfully made as it can possibly be. If you love the Planet of the Apes movies, you should definitely see this one!	4
excellent movie can't wait to add it to my collection	5
This trilogy should go down as one of cinema's all time best! Wow! This movie fantastic blend of story, emotion, and some action. My only major problem would be that the title is a little deceiving. There's no real all out "War".	4
War for the Planet of the Apes is pretty good. It has some easily fixable problems, like horribly misplaced humor, long-drawn out exposition dumps, and questionable actors. But where this movie needed to be good is where it's great - action sequences are directed to keep your eyes glued to the screen, plot points are very emotional, and character/story arcs end exactly where they should have. It's definitely the worthy end to the franchise we've always wanted.	4
Puntaje Original: 7.5Abismalmente superior a sus predecesoras, increíble dirección, notables efectos especiales, destacables actuaciones de Woody Harrelson y Amiah Miller.	4
Awesome movie. And at the end all set up for a remake of the original film. Andy Serkis should be voted Best Actor.	4
RAHHHHHSO SICK AMAZINGIt's such a poignant film with such an amazing story line like dayum	5
I did enjoy the movie but the story was week and the ending was predictable it reminded me of Zootopia	3
emotive continuance of saga show me more	4
A stupid story. First two were much better	1
War for the Planet of the Apes is a breathtaking visual journey, and a heartbreaking war story. Terrifying, well acted and with a great narrative, this is the perfect closure to the trilogy.	4
A nearly perfect film and a fantastic way to wrap up the new Apes trilogy. Let the Academy ignore Serkis on this one!	5
Great film. Awesome acting, and seamless effects.	5
Buen cierre para una estupenda trilogia... (Aunque la escena de la avalancha esta muy jalada)	4
Buena, Entretenida, BAD APE lo excelente! Cojea en que Woody es un villano que nunca se ve que haga algo malo, solo se la pasa diciendo que es malo muy malo. También la batalla final es un poco decepcionante, por que es muy dispareja.	4
Great end to the Trilogy. The title was a little misleading as I excepted (as i'm sure others, too) a different solution to the conflict. CGI was amazing, just like the other two. Caesar!	4
I found it unexciting and boring.	3
Very emotional movie, plays at the heart of what war is, no one wins. Great acting and story. I felt more connected to an ape then I ever have before	5
Excellent. Dark, thrilling and great special effects.	5
One of the bleakest and darkest summer blockbusters of all times, the conclusion to the Cesar trilogy may not be the usual shallow popcorn fun. It is intense, brutal and extremely emotional, though. The insane special effects make for the most convincing CGI creatures of all times. You can't help but fall in love with those characters and cheer for them. While not as action packed as the trailers suggested, the slow place and the feeling of constant threat makes for a very enthralling atmosphere. It's basically the "Bridge on the river Kwai" of ape movies, with plenty of Easter eggs from the classic original. A pretty gutsy film that fully pays off in the end.	4
Too many story flaws. Really fell apart. Love a good journey though.	3
Amazing!!! I love (most of) the POTA series and this one for not disappoint.	5
the movie is soooooo slow, tiny information provided in each scene. Caesar being too emotional and never realize the trust he got from all monkeys, characters died before their personality move the audience therefore feeling nothing, and enemy too stupid to be ignited to deliver the key, and the allies, the secret tunnel, oil cans on the battle field, and snowslide, are too powerful, making human effort a joke. in this movie, Caesar meant to be the king no matter how leadershipless he actually is, and apes meant to rule the world, not because their virus or the muscles, but they are moral models. avoid if you don't like to be treat like a three year old for two and a half hours.	1
I am afraid that this was a let down. I would rather watch the original planet of the apes from the 60s and 70s.	2
War for the Planet of the Apes continues the franchises resurgence with a thoughtful action film that rides the moral line effectively to make you truly wonder which side you should be rooting for. While I don't think it is the best film of the rebooted universe, it is a strong addition that finishes the trilogy with an emotionally complex story that keeps you guessing until the end. This felt a little long at 2 1/2 hours, but this is a minor complaint. There's surprising only small doses of action sprinkled into the somber setting and plot, but they are nonetheless effective. The performances are noteworthy, especially Andy Serkis as Caesar once again. Woody Harrelson plays a strong villain as well. This is a worthwhile trip to the theater if you want more than just brainless action in your summer blockbusters.	4
A great end for the trilogy.	5
The Dark Knight (Rises), Back to the Future (III), The Godfather (III), Star Trek (Beyond), The Terminator (Rise of the Machines), Alien (3), Star Wars (Return of the Jedi), X-Men (The Last Stand) & Die Hard (With a Vengeance) are trilogies with glorious second parts that count as CLASSICS, but they also have a third installment no one should really care about. War for the Planet of the Apes, on the other hand, breaks the spell. We understand the character's motivations, as well as his inner demons that lead to a metaphorically barbaric conflict between a dying present and a gruesome fate.	5
War for the Planet of the Apes - Nossa, respira que essa foi... Aqui temos o fim de uma das melhores trilogias feitas nesses últimos tempos, posso falar isso sem medo, pois "Planet of The Apes" foi uma franquia da qual suas sequências apenas melhoraram, e esse foi a definição disso, fechando com chave de ouro. O Matt Reeves faz um trabalho sensacional e maravilhoso, em seu filme. A câmera flui de um jeito sensacional no meio das batalhas, as "câmeras lentas" funcionam aqui, são colocadas em momentos necessários, e sem abusar da ferramenta. A trilha sonora desse filme é composta pelo Michael Giacchino, e sem duvida é um dos pontos mais fortes do filme, com Pianos, Sons "Tribais", com orquestrações clássicas muito bem feitas, entre outros. O filme tem um clima frio e pesado isso da uma carga emocional maior para o protagonista, falando em protagonista (Caesar) O Andy Serkis mostra mais uma vez o valor do seu trabalho, e mesmo em CGI faz um personagem com motivações, e em estado de mudança, você sente e ver o conflito interno do Caesar junto com suas motivações. O CGI do filme é simplesmente perfeito, não teve um único momento que me tirasse da imersão do filme, tudo é muito real e realmente está lá. O Roteiro do filme, que é a parte principal, tudo isso que foi dito aqui não serviria para nada sem a historia que o acompanha, furos, eu particularmente não encontrei nem um, uma coisa que achei corajosa do roteiro foi colocar um alivio cômico junto dessa drama pesada e fria, mas pelo Incrível que pareça, fluiu muito bem e não é forçado. Em Geral temos essa obra que tira um dos grandes "tabus" existentes a respeito das "Prequels", sim, é possível reaproveitar elementos antigos com uma boa narrativa e roteiro, assim sendo uma das melhores franquias dos últimos tempos.Nota: 9.7	5
This is a great end to a fantastic trilogy. (4/5)	4
I waited a while to see this, but it was well worth the wait. Honestly these movies have been the best trilogy ever made, all of them are powerful and smart and well made, and War is no exception. No, I didn't cry like I did in Logan but this is a very dark and emotional story that concludes the story of Caesar in a satisfying way. Go see it as soon as you can, but make sure to rewatch the first two as well.	5
I didn't want to see this movie, but I'm glad I did. The plot was simple with an odd band of characters that set out on a journey. It's a good film to watch for narrative structure if you're writing a script.	4
Great way to end the trilogy, I found all 3 top tier for acting, CGI and sound.	5
In a movie market so confused, full of remakes, rebots, movies that are just to raise money, we have a certainty, the recent franchise of "Planet of the Apes" does not disappoint, it is almost a sigh in the middle of the year, the good blockbuster Is coming, and it is almost ironic that a movie about monkeys at war against humans can be the most natural thing in the cinema these days, and one of the franchises where we can better personify ourselves and society, disguised as a good popcorn, With an impressive motion capture, good performances and a good script, Matt Reeves finishes the trilogy by thrilling and enchanting the audience and leaving in the air a feeling of want more. The script that until now seems linear, but the same is complicated by introducing previously unknown elements of the franchise, elements that had everything to go wrong, but the opposite happens, serve and contribute to the unfolding of the plot. Behold the story of Caesar (Andy Serkis) and his troupe of monkeys, gorillas and chimpanzees who, after confronting a battalion led by an evil colonel (Woody Harrelson), are eventually captured by him, the script follows linearity, but As I have already said, becomes less unpredictable and has very interesting ramifications, although it does contain some holes. "Planet of the Apes-The War" is not a story of good guys and bad guys, everyone is looking for survival there, even the figure of the colonel, he does not act for sheer evil, he really believes in what he does, Human race, and sees not only the monkeys as a threat, but also the infected humans, and the monkeys in question, are there solely and exclusively trying to survive and build a legacy, we could embody ourselves on either side. Technically the film tells a beautiful photo, even though it is a large part of CGI, it is extremely alive and almost touchable, we have forests, water, snow, mountains, earth, always with a dark film (less in the end that changes to a film Yellow and makes a reference to "2001: A Space Odyssey"), we also have a great editing and mixing of the sound, an assembly that keeps the rhythm of the film constant and exciting even at two and a half hours, where we barely have dialogues Spoken, and of course, the high point, the capture of movements, is something completely frightening and makes the viewer sometimes lose the focus of the film to be admiring these details, the technology advanced, cezar became better, and now humanized, he is frighteningly incredible. And one of the great merits of Cezar being incredible in the movie is the actor Andy Serkis who does a job of acting, that even with all the technology in the world, without the human factor, Cezar would be empty, and Andy Serkis has to stop getting a quote Of the academy and start to win prizes, and an Oscar nomination for now !, Another one that is incredible in the film is Woody Harrelson, although being well-known face in the industry, Woody already has a face of villain to the natural, and here he is very well Used, and when the film ends you want to see more scenes of the colonel, because there are few, moreover, all other actors who made the monkeys are great, there is nothing to talk about in terms of acting. Matt Reeves now has a challenge with the new Batman movie, but the director has already proved to be a great director and knows how to use film technology to his advantage, making movies big and commercially profitable but at the same time quality. Reeves makes a film that tells the monkey odyssey and almost conceals the "human-being" element, at least physically, as it instigates us to impersonate these monkeys, is a film that uses a lot of sign language, contains few dialogues And even so binds the public, is a story of ascension, fall and peace. "Planet of the Apes - The War" is goodbye, at least for the next 10 years, because we know how the industry is ... anyway, it's a great movie.	4
Terrific finale in the franchise/trilogy & Andy Serkis is a marvel!!!	3
Even better than the last one!	4
A little slow at times but a remarkable movie.	4
While it might not be the Summer blockbuster we were expecting, War of the Planet of the Apes, masterfully implements elements from the old and new franchise while making full use of its characters and history. The trilogy comes full circle, with many references and styles used to build tension and drama, that may not always be earned but definitely hold weight enough to garner emotion and massive stakes.	4
Não tem guerra. No início do filme o protagonista perde a mulher e o filho, ambos assassinados pelo vilão. No meio do filme o protagonista e todos os macacos são escravizados, humilhados e torturados. No final do filme, pra não dar muito spoiler, não acontece algo muito legal e animador. Mortes de personagens importantes são meio toscas e pouco grandiosas. Você sai do cinema desanimado. Efeitos visuais muito legais.	1
This film is breathtaking... enough said.	4
Espectacular, franquicia que se supera cada vez más.	5
after a good start and a great follow up, the trilogy ends in great disappointment. incoherent characters, drawn out scenes, sad attempts at comic relief, aimless narrative... garbage!	1
Very good story and ending.	4
As with the first two this third part of the reboot trilogy did not disappoint. Hope its not the last one, but the way this one ended...	4
It was a good movie ??	3
This was an amazing ending to this trilogy! This is my most favourite Planet of the apes movie and is one of the best trilogies I have seen. Once again Andy Serkis and the motion capture are great and Woody Harrelson was very good and I enjoyed the character of bad ape. This was a fantastic ending.9.5/10	5
Boring and a waste of time. It's too bad as the first two in this series were decent. This movie blows	2
Liked it but a bit too long.	4
Utter rubbish. When I heard serious reviewers liked this film I felt I'd woken up in an alternate universe.	1
Another solid edition in the ongoing franchise. This feels more like the original films than the predecessors did. Very good story and you feel the story coming to a head.	3
the best movie in the trilogie. Although it is a bit light on the 'war' part, the movie looks beautiful, is tense, action packed, tear wrenching and even funny, when it wants to be. Andy Serkis is absolutely amazing and I really hope he gets finally rewarded with some big awards for his game-changing work he has done in performance capture.	4
War for the planet the Apes in my point of view is the best one in the franchise so far. With the special effects so real I couldn't believe it at times was watching CGI effects it look so real and the film having such a hard motional punch to it. I have to say you won't be disappointed. And I hope Matt Reeves go on have a great career.	5
Apes are strong with or without me.	4
Matt Reeves did it again! A great way to round out the trilogy.	5
Despite some pretty amazing special effects - the apes are so realistic - NOTHING happens in this movie. The first movie in the series was quite promising, second one was empty and so is the third one. Not worth it.	2
The Passion of the Ceaser. Interesting use of Christ imagery. Fantastic.	4
A fitting end to a spectacular trilogy.	4
Breathtaking to look at and gripping from start to finish, this final chapter closes the book on the rebooted trilogy and it's safe to say that they just got better and better. This instalment was biblical in many levels	5
Great addition to a great series.	4
I wasn't as high on this movie as everyone else seemed to be, but it's still an enjoyable possible close to the trilogy. The motion capture/CGI has come a long way since the first movie, and Cerkis once again does an amazing job portraying the Ape leader Caesar. I thought the Bibical nature made certain scenes in the movie almost expected, which took away from the film a little for me. Overall, it is an enjoyable movie.	3
Good film but should be called 'Not much War for the Planet of the Apes.'	3
War for the Planet of the Apes is a worthy close to an exceptional new trilogy. It has a strong, stirring start that easily captures the viewer, but once it settles into the colonel's command base it does become a bit more conventional and harder to connect. Other than that, the visuals and motion capture work are out of this world and Michael Giacchino's score adds a remarkable sonic layer. Taking everything into account, it's a better film than Rise but not as powerful as Dawn.	4
War for the Planet of the Apes is my favorite film of the trilogy. It fully showcased the development and aftermath of the protagonist, Caesar. In the movie, we see that he does not want war with the humans, but the safety of the apes. He wants to get as far away from them as possible, but an event occurs that keeps him from reaching that goal.The CGI effects in this movie are remarkable. I must give a huge amount of credit to the special effects team. The list of names on IMDb is huge. They have stepped up the game for the industry. The advancement in technology and the hard work in this department is evident where I couldn't tell that the apes were all CGI. Not to downgrade on the other people that worked on his movie, but the special effects team really stood out to me in this movie (even more than the cinematographer, and I'm a huge fan of beautiful shots).But more than the visual effects, Caesar's internal struggle is the real appeal of this movie. Andy Serkis, once again, is phenomenal. He is the king of motion capture. Serkis said in an interview that he does not want to be remembered "as the guy who played Gollum." After this film, he should not to others and he will not to me. Serkis does an amazing job in humanizing this character and making Caesar relatable. We want this character to be triumphant. During the times that he's on the edge, we want him to do better and make the harder decisions, as he's done in the previous films. He must be the best leader for the apes, even though he has to put aside what he wants to do. We see the consequences of his actions portrayed really well in this movie, and how he struggles to make things right. And his companions are a great catalyst to these actions.Once again, Maurice is his good conscience. He's the one that always motivates Caesar to do the right thing. Luca and Rocket are his muscles, and both have great scenes that help Caesar in tough spots; though they are his musclemen, they have their own ways in also lifting up his arms in tough times. There are also two new companions introduced in this movie: Nova and Bad Ape. Bad Ape adds a humor to the film, while Nova, a mute girl, challenges Caesar's mentality towards humans. Here's somewhat of a spoiler:My favorite scene is when Nova is crying while Caesar is in the same shot, but the camera focuses only on Nova. Though Caesar is out of focus, we can still see his movements. By the time of this scene, Caesar has an extremely low point-of-view towards humans, but maybe not all humans are bad. It is an emotional scene, but also a very powerful one. In each film, Caesar has seen good in humans, and Nova is that human in this film. She is my second favorite character in the film and my second favorite scene is also with Nova. The scene is where she helps Caesar when he's at an extremely low point in the film. Finally, there is Woody Harrelson's the Colonel. He is a great antagonist in this film because he pushes Caesar, physically and emotionally, to places where Caesar struggles the most. We saw throughout the three films that Caesar is not someone to mess with. His presence alone puts apes into submission; he simply stands up straight and everyone shrinks below him and reaches out their hands for forgiveness. But the Colonel puts Caesar in the lowest place we've seen him.Overall, I thought this movie was amazing and a great finish to the trilogy. In my opinion, I thought the movies got better with the sequels, and this one stands on top. Director Matt Reeves has my attention; he has done an amazing job with Caesar, and I can't wait what he does with the Dark Knight.	4
Bloody Awesome and can't wait to see if they'll do another one	5
Not much to relish over. There was never any like big ape-riding-a-horse-with-two-maching-guns kind of moment which is what I expected from this "war". The biggest let-down was the lack of war and presence of captivity. A better fitting name would be, "The Captivity of the Planet of Apes" or, "The Constant Onslaught of the Planet of the Apes."	3
great ending to the an awesome trilogy!! It felt like war and the visuals are mind blowing. definitely epic	4
Amazing touching movie	5
I'd give it more than a 5 if I could. Best movie I've seen so far this year. Superb acting, cinematography, makeup, special effects, music, stunts, directing, screenplay, etc. this one has it all. Much better than I expected. A very moving and beautiful film. Go see this one. Andy Serkis deserves an Oscar nod for best actor, and perhaps Woody Harrelson for best supporting actor.	5
A weak plot more suited for "A made for TV movie ".	2
One of the best war movies and endings to any film trilogy ever.	4
Feels like the end of a long series.	2
This movie is definitely worth a watch. It's well worth adding to the dvd collection with the other Planet of the Apes movies. (minus the 2001 remake)	4
Really great performances, so convincing you forget you are watching CGI apes, along with great VFX. However, for the most part, It felt like watching Moses's story told by apes and the action was not crafted as you'd expect for the last part of a trilogy.	3
All three stars go to the chimp from the zoo. He was HILARIOUS!	3
Overly-dramatic and a bit long. First two much better.	3
Not sure why this movie is rated so high. Very average storyline. You wonder how the little girl can wander into the basecamp and not be seen when they're preparing to be attacked.	2
Word of warning don't have a person who knows all kinds of details about apes watch this movie and hope to appreciate it for what it is... Needless to say my knowledge ruined my appreciation for this film.	1
Well done action packed , you feel for the apes and hate the humans and the Colonel ( Woody Harleson ) the young girl who is with the apes . Without having any verbal Lines Still played a big role . Must see	3
Emotional and powerful, War for The Planet of the Apes delivers a satisfying conclusion to one of the best movie trilogies of all time.	4
Boring and predictable.	2
This might not be as creative as some of it's previous makings but it serves up some true emotion that none of the other's could do, plus an amazing performance from Woody Harrelson as the Colonel, and a good comic relieve from Steve Zahn as Bad Ape.	5
Best of the Plant of the Ape movies	4
This is suprisingly a good movie. The concept of the movie was good and it made me sit on the edge of my seat the entire movie	5
Best of the trilogy by far. Can't wait to buy it	5
This movie was grabbing attention, it started off slow plays a little of the background(previous movie) story, good to catch back up. But draws you in gives you the light emotions of the movie, gets you attached to the characters, and delivers the epic scenes and keeps you entertained the whole time. Great Job.	4
The best summer blockbuster of 2017.	5
What an emotional rollercoaster of a film. I cried several times throughout. I love the apes so much â?¤ brilliant end to the trilogy. It did have its slow moments and I prefer the first two instalments but when it was good it was superb!	4
The film presents a pointless and depressed parallel to slave history in America that is transplanted into a future dystopia. Sub apes for Africans and an all white flat cast and you have a movie that does little to offer any thing meaningful on a topic it clearly cannot attempt to reconcile.	2
An exceptional movie. The emotional depth of the story and development of the characters take you by surprise. With this film CGI enhances but never takes over from the plot.	5
Apes more humane than humans, very believable.	4
With sure the best film of the year so far, practically everything in the film is perfect, technically estontiante and wonderful, the performances are impressive, the soundtrack is strong and striking, the feeling is transmitted in a brilliant way, you feel the sadness, the Pain and the uncertainty of the characters, one of the best movies I have ever seen, a spectacular end to an incredible trilogy.	5
This was a good movie but not a great one. The very first film of this trilogy, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, was by far the very best of them all.	3
I left the cinema quite mixed on this film, on one hand I enjoyed it but on the other the marketing suggested a much different film. The name of the film is misleading and I think in this day and age of film, studios should be held accountable. The film is an indie drama dressed as a blockbuster, you have no idea where the film is going until the midway point, by this point the film has already covered so much ground. Caesars story ends here and so does Reeves involvement which will be missed but he leaves the franchise with a lot of potential. I wanted to see an action packed finale but this isn't that film and it matches the previous stories. The film has a lot of heart and I'll need to revisit this film at some stage in the future. I think Dawn was a better film but maybe I missed the layers within the film. 06-08-2017.	4
One of those movies you go and watch in cinema and think the ticket was not a total waste of money. It's not a bad movie, but it doesn't bring anything new that we haven't seen before.	2
Not as great or explosive as the sequel. It was just okay and only good if youre a fan of the franchise.	3
Pathetic movie, ultra slow and so boring that you will yawn 10 times. Horrible movie.	1
Best of the series. Complex and compelling.	4
GOODVisualsActingCharacters Story (A Little Lacking)Great 1st halfBADMeh 2nd halfdidnt need to be so long	3
This final chapter concludes the "Planet of the Apes" trilogy in a spectacularly satisfying fashion, combining jaw-dropping visual effects, remarkable performances, and an extremely moving and poignant narrative.	4
Loved it. Great story but the characters looked incredibly lifelike. Great movie.	4
Great CGI, looked very realistic. I laughed sometimes, although there were parts where it was very emotional which touched me. But, I wasn't off my seat for this movie.	3
Not what you exspected and i am happy about that. It is a great drama that is possibly the best of any of the planet of the apes movies	4
Predictable. Good fx and acting but ridiculously implausible with multiple plot holes.	1
I did not want to watch Planet of the Apes to watch 2 hrs of Ape feelings.	2
Loved it story was really good the bad guy was amazing	5
It's not the best of the trilogy but it was the way to end the saga, no more space for doubts about the future of the planet of apes.	5
On an Imaginary level, the film presents the overthrow and replacement of mankind by apes, a reversion to our primitive state and a reversal of evolutionary chronology, an undoing brought about by humanity's own overreach and self-destructive nature. On a Symbolic level, however, the film suggests exactly the opposite: The displacement of man by our technology, the supplanting of CGI characters for flesh-and-blood actors. All of this couched in the classical narrative arc of a revolutionary epic, an amalgamation of messiahs from Moses to Lenin, the great heroic myth that characterizes the humanist tradition.	5
Best Apes movie ever. Great combination of story and action, compassion and love and evil. Will be the first movie in years I pay to see multiple times.	5
such good writing and was directed beautifully. best movie I've seen this year...original, great pace, awesome storyline, and highly recommend you see it. exceeded my expectations and was better than the first two. Go see it.	5
this one was the BEST of the three	5
Laughable at some points; SPOILER...especially the ending. #really	2
what a ausome movie best part end of movie	3
Really good movie it's not fake and looks very real the movie really shows it's point	5
Not as good as first and second movie. Humans are too stupid in the movie. Caesar is not as charismatic as before. "Bad Ape" was like Jar Jar Binks.	3
Really good and enjoyed every second!	4
War of the Planet of the Apes was a very moving and emotional movie...I got tearyeyed several times...Ceasar and his gang had me at Hello! And, the ending was the most heart wrenching of all! 4.5 out of 5 Stars!	4
While the story is compelling and the effects are top notch, I was left disappointed with the final outing of this rebooted franchise. Ultimately, this can be boiled down to "War" being a victim of it predecessor's success. Director Matt Reeves was not able able to, or simply refused, to build on the story that "Dawn" achieved. Reeves went for a more intimate contained story rather than the epic.	3
Possibly one of the best movies I have ever seen. This is my favorite of all the Planet of the Apes movies (including the original which is a close 2nd).	5
The best of the sceries	4
It wasn't my favorite of the 3 movies. I guess I just didn't like the story line. RIP Ceasar.	2
Great in every category. Strong acting, amazing CGI, beautiful score, and a slow but effective story that has emotional weight.	5
Apes together strong a lot like the movies although I wish they had a reference to the OG films even though they end of ina desert like area	5
Meh, weakest movie of what was a great series until this one.	2
I don't know why this movie is getting amazing ratings. It was incredibly manipulative emotional wise, and because I was already a little uninterested in seeing this movie I didn't care at all what happened to any of the other characters other than Caesar and the orangutang, only because I watched the other two movies. If I were to walk into this movie blind I would feel nothing other than regret of losing twelve dollars. Moving on. The Human girl character served no purpose other than to make the audience go "awwww, how [insert emotion] -- sad." She was interesting, she was annoying and a hamper to the whole plot of the movie, they should've killed her when they found her, like they would've actually done. The audio aspect of this film was complete and utter garbage, the soundtrack was pure unadulterated shit, nothing was interesting or stand out, the little girls song was perhaps the worst, it was so horribly manipulative. The animations was outstanding like all of the other movies. The plot was stupid, the commander guy should've just given up and fled, he knew who he was up against and there was no point in that fight, that wasn't exactly a war at all. This movie was painfully average and I wish I could take points away from it being that, DO NOT SUPPORT THIS FILM, it does not deserve my income. 3/5 because it looked okay (I suppose)	3
Really enjoyed this film with a mix of humour and very sad scenes. Effects are really good. Definitely worth a watch.	4
Predictable, Sloooow and boring. I don't know how people sat through it	1
Amazing. A very different kind of science fiction movie. Fantastic film.	5
Battles were great... just too much sitting around & talking though. Couldn't give it 5 stars.	4
I've enjoyed the reboot of the series. I think it's worth watching but not rush out and see.	3
Loved this movie! There was not a dull moment throughout the entire film.	5
Google flick but not totally fun nor engaging. Aunque entretenida me parece la más floja de las 3. Parece que la hicieron más para los críticos que para el público en general. Esperaba más una guerra pero la película es sobre supervivencia de la especie.	2
Great movie. What a great way to end the series. The movie was extremely intense and once again Andy Serkis does a phenomenal job as Caesar. But Bad Ape is the one who steals every scene he's in. His comedic presence was needed in a very dark and dramatic movie. The action was superb and fun. The movie starts on a high note and never lets go. I think this movie did too the previous one as a story and drama movie. I really liked that they focused more on the Apes this time because that's what they needed to do. It seems like Matt Reeves took every negative from Dawn even though there were many and improved upon all of them. 90/100	4
Worth staying up late on a weeknight to catch the last possible showing of.	5
Really impressive special effects but really thin story line. Really pales in comparison with the originals. This should not have been. I admit that the emotions are raw and can truly be felt. Still even the action, it's a slow movie.	2
I saw it and mediocre from my view and I really thought I'd really like it since all the great reviews.	2
excelente! muy buena peli!	5
A very engaging movie that has you riveted to your seat. Strangely you feel more emphaty for the Apes than Humans, then you remember you are human too.	5
One of the best popcorn movies I've ever seen.	5
Probably the best of the rehashed Planet of the Apes movies	4
Boring, long, political, just awful	1
Quit at 70 minutes or so, apes are so pretentious	2
Brilliant have loved all Planet of the Apes movies back to the 60's	5
While it doesn't live up to the standard set by the first two in the trilogy, War for the Planet of the Apes is an excellent installment and ending to the trilogy, and is for certain worth the 140 minutes of your time.	4
Excellent production all around. Easily one of the best pictures of the year. Outstanding performance by Andy Serkis. Should recieve OSCAR noms for Best Picture, Best Actor, Best Director, Best Cinematography. Likely nominations for Best Original Script, Best Sound, Best Makeup.	5
War For The Planet of The Apes is a beautiful,emotional,depressing,spectacular film, Ceasar was spectacular, the rest of the cast was great, the music score was fucking spectacular, the effects were fucking spectacular, the action was good, this is the best of the trilogy overall War is a Masterpiece	5
War for the planet of the apes is an okay movie to begin with. The cgi is convincing and the story makes sense. But i'd narrow the plot down to 35% action and 65% Drama. Yes it is a war movie and with war comes drama naturally but, they kinda fuck you from behind with drama. If you like drama and action this could be the flick for you. I enjoyed it despite the drama afcourse because it felt like those were real apes in the movie.	3
Great freaking movie. Awesome special effects	4
This movie is amazing but the only thing I don't like is how they treat the Apes. I love animals but I don't understand how the the soldiers want to take over the apes land. This is a must see film that I require you to see. I just don't like how the the ending is.	4
It was more of an Emotions of the Planet of the Apes than a War for the Planet of the Apes, but I still fell in love with the film. Bravo on a great ending of a remake trilogy I didn't know I wanted. A-	4
It's the best movie franchise in years. Its a must see if you loved the first two. These movies are so well done. Just amazing.	4
War For The Planet Of The Apes is the third in the reboot trilogy of Apes films, and my goodness me, this film rounds it off brilliantly. It provides almost everything you'd want in an epic: deep characters, thrilling action and visuals, heartfelt exploration of themes & apt exposition. The film explores human and animalistic nature powerfully. It's no ordinary sci-fi thriller - audiences will reflect deeply on what they have seen. It's a film with integrity. Commendably, it explores the broad definition of war (particularly relating to enslavement) more than it exhibits contact battle. It perceptively examines philosophical & political debates, which is so rare for a blockbuster. It makes you root against the human race! It embeds its emotional intelligence within a pulsating plot, shown through splendid visuals. Another superb performance from Andy Serkis is a highlight. War For The Planet Of The Apes is awesome. It definitively proves that summer blockbusters can, and should, always have something intelligent to say.	4
By far the best of the trilogy. The standouts were the amazing acting and visuals.	4
The best end for a great character	4
It was a very bland and uniteresting movie. It had a simplistic plot which didn't pull me into the movie.	2
Great movie had all the elements and was worth every penny. Love, loss, and laughter. Yes even laughter. Plot was good and was different. Thought it was gonna be different but was pleasantly surprised.	5
There is nothing overtly wrong with this film and it was a fitting end to the series. However the film became less about the evolution of the apes and focused more on action and the fight against the humans. What made the original films so good is that they felt fresh and unique and this film doesn't have the same feeling to it. The film is a good watch but I wouldn't go out of my way to see it again. 3.5/5.	3
another win for apes	5
Touching characters, exciting plot. Impeccable mix of computer tech (the apes) and real acting.	4
Marvelous movie, masterful film making, emotional acting and story telling with just a touch of humor.	4
I like it when films present at least the attempt to offer a Greek tragedy. In that sense, the character of Caesar is completely correct in his world view, but so is the Colonel. The conflict that arises is much smarter and better than I would have expected. OK, it's not a "smart" film, but it does TRY, which is better than most Hollywood blockbusters.I also really appreciated that there was a lot of dialogue in the film, more than I would have thought. It's especially curious that much of it is in sign language between the apes. I can imagine that a lot of short-attention-span mouth-breathers tore their hair out watching this, but I found it gave the movie a nice, calm, even pace punctuated by moments of excitement. I really enjoyed all the references to the original film series, it was nice to see.Also, Rocket and Maurice for the win, respectively the best second-in-command and councillor EVER.	4
Amazing movie, great actors and director. It's necessary more films like this.	5
Incredible movie! What could have been one killing scene, explosion and gore after another, was carefully constructed into a sensitive, touching and morally challenging film. The "humanity" of the Apes, their ability to cooperate and love, even love the very humans who wanted to exterminate them, is very skillfully contrasted with the hopeless, disgusting monstrosities of selfish and insensitive humans. The hope that you see in the eyes of the Apes in the end and in the eyes of the little girl, is nothing short of beautiful. I was in tears!	4
Same thing with some new mute twist.	2
The third installment of the planet of the apes remake an it is wonderful, the director makes the audience be on the side of the ape by making more relatable than the human characters, I found it amazing that this was done, along with the plot and how it all concluded	5
The story line begins strong but about midway thru falls flat. inappropriately titled as there r truly was no war, just a small skirmish at the beginning.	2
One of the most emotional movies I have ever seen! It had me on my seat, wonder what was going to happen next, and had me on the verge of tears the whole time!	4
No need to watch the second movie in order to catch up .	5
"War" is epic and has resounding emotional depth. It also features strong performances from Andy Serkis and Woody Harrelson. One of the best conclusions to a trilogy ever.	4
excellent CGI. good movie to see in the cinema.	4
Fantastic story, amazing cgi. One of the best films I've seen this year!	5
Being the third and final film to a high successfully both critical and box office franchise, myself and most others had extremely high expectations for the final part to (the first of hopefully multiple trilogies) Ceaser trilogy, and I was not disappointed in any way shape nor form. Being the third part of a trilogy I felt it could only going in a few ways, however I did not expect this way.Not sparing any time jumping into action, from the off this film didn't waste a moment out of the whole running time to not only bring a engrossing and beyond thrilling ending to a trilogy but also a emotional joyride, however, much like Dawn and Rise it stuck with the same few character, obviously one being Ceaser, but also Maurice and Ceaser's family members, but this did see the addition of some other apes. CGI detestable, to be some of the best ever, with ape likeness feeling as real as ever, each apes spectacular visuals and differences certainly one of the most spectacular moments to be taken from this. Being motion captured apes, this allowed the apes mannerisms to be life like realistic which has seen to have improved through each entry to the franchise. Arguably Andy Serkis' best performance to date, War for the planet of the Apes serves a spectacular mix between action and emotion, to not only live up to the previous franchise entry but out do them, leaving a mind blowing cinematic experience. Not just Serkis providing a stellar performance, Harrelson proved himself he was a fitting villain, and somehow managed to gain my sympathy despite how brutal his character may be due to Harrelson sympathy feels almost necessary.On its own War for the Planet of the Apes equals up to be one of the strongest action films of 2017 so far, however, comparing him to the previous entries to this franchise, War is undoubtedly stronger than Rise, but choosing whether Dawn or War is stronger is a must harder bet and would require in-depth consideration, and requirement of re-watching.Final verdict - 8.9/10 or A+	4
The CGI ape-faces are mind-blowing. The story is dull.	3
Absolutely brilliant	5
Black history IS American history. This documentary is an important message that 'how far we've come' is nearly far enough and I urge everyone to watch this. The inclusion of the topic of minorities in Hollywood films is a perspective I had never considered before and is an important reminder that racism runs deep.	5
Very good film archive footage I had never seen before bolstered by Baldwin's eloquent writings and speeches. An encumbered intellectual documentary at times, but definitely worth watching.	3
Enlightening for anyone wondering what the NFL kneeling protest is really about	5
This movie came out at the perfect time and it brings up a lot of racial issues that I've never seen explored in films.	5
Boooooooooring. So, so boring. A subject I care about, in a package that no one can stay awake throughout.	1
Quintessential and it sure will resonate till the human race would exist !	5
Movie night with Iris.Angry polemic manuscript, which Peck builds a searing documentary around. It's powerful stuff. There's probably an expectation that you know the MLK, X and Evers' stories; but it's an excellent take on the US and race.	4
Strong, beautiful, hard to watch. There's way too much to discuss in pondering this film but it is something to cherish especially in recent times. This is the sort of material that is required by education systems and people of all colors to watch.	4
I found this intermittently interesting but I was left scratching my head a bit at how universally lauded it seems to have been. James Baldwin is a really interesting figure and I imagine his book may be a good read but I'm not 100% sure it translated to the documentary format myself.	2
Baldwin did not just write about "race" - he wrote about morality and humanity. Similarly, this documentary is not just about Baldwin - it is about society and justice and so much more. No talking heads this time. Just the words of a gifted thinker/writer, images from every corner of this nation, and one of the most beautiful/powerful documentaries I have ever seen. This is documentary as art form. Must. See.	5
7/24/17 Amazon PrimeJames Baldwin was an intelligent, insightful and articulate man who described the world of race in America with depth and perception. This movie certainly did an admirable job of presenting his views and it should make everyone who watches it think. However, like so many presentations it is one sided and does little to explain the reasons for all the ills in the black community, short of blaming white America only. It would be interesting to see a more balanced view of the problems we face with race.	3
History is not told through the voice of James Baldwin, nor is it seen through his eyes or felt through his shared pain. History is exposed for what it is, an unfortunate Ever-Living testiment to a human condition. I know this to be true because it was like looking into a reflective pond.	5
Interesting look at the historical roots of segregation and the political apparatus that perpetuates our racial tensions. I think it would be interesting to compare our racial issues/tensions to other countries issues. Just to give us a sense of we are not the worst country in the world and not alone in trying to deal with these issues that spring up from the idea of otherness.	3
An Eye opener. It's not just about race but its something deeper within.	5
Everyone should see it. Especially white liberals and white conservatives. Clarence Page said of James Baldwin: Baldwin's essays never stopped articulating the anger and frustration felt by real-life black Americans with more clarity and style than any other writer of his generation. This film is as relevant now as it was during Baldwin's life. Those who doubt his impact should consider that the FBI file on him ran to 1,884 pages. Clearly white America was terrified of him, yet he had white friends and advocated for reconciliation. This movie is hard to watch. It made me uncomfortable and angry. I can only imagine how it affects African Americans who see it. It is a fitting tribute to a great man, and one of our greatest writers.	5
Se consideran el mejor pais del mundo pero tienen un pasado bien negro	4
Wow, James Baldwin was really a brilliant mind. Excellent documentary!	4
Incredibly insightful	4
excellent perspective of an ex pat. however entirely leaves out his other struggle	4
Powerful and a necessary part of the narrative	4
One of the best docs I've seen in years. A story written by the man himself almost 40 years ago and brilliantly directed by Raoul Peck.	5
James Baldwin was one of the most vital voices in America's 20th century and thanks to this movie his voice seems more essential then before. This important film shares Baldwin's views on racism at a point in his life where he was 63. Angry, tired, introspective, enlightened is how Baldwin comes across (in a letter read by Samuel L. Jackson and visualized brilliantly by Raoul Peck). This is a film that needs to be shared in homes, schools and any venue where discussion can follow.	5
Jason O'Mahony This is the Documentary I was talking about. Powerful stuff.	4
"Not everything that can be faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced."	4
A real eye opener a must see all African-American should see the movie even the kids and have a real Conversation about what's going on now and back then	5
Very, Very, One sided and Narrow-minded! The #1 cause of Black mens death (18-34) is murder! Black on Black murder NOT white cops. Let's figure out the real problem, instead of playing the Victim of the white man. This documentary only uses the facts that benefits the story of the brought down black man. The black Panthers killed many white people but NO just show images of the long suffering black man. A lot of white people died fighting for black rights. a Lot of black people, back in the day agreed with segagration not just whites. #blacklivesmatter is racist because all lives matter. Racism is ignorant and wrong no matter what color you are. Blacks are even racist towards other blacks. Saying your too dark too be pretty. When will it end?! Diversity is what makes America great. Let's move forward! This documentary moves backwords.	1
Brilliant film on Race in this country . Baldwin's words come to life in beautiful and tragic manner . Done superbly my Samuel L. Jackson. Everyone should see this movie.	3
ashamed to say that, having not read a single one of his books, is a huge gap for me... and so, while watching this, I was nagged by the constant desire for more conventional biographical documentary. That aside, it was a joy and a privilege, and should be an obligation to sit in the recorded presence of a genius gifted with the vocabulary and oratorical skills of this man. you couldn't take your eyes/ears/mind off of him as he rapidly, passionately dissected the most complex and seemingly insurmountable socio-political and humanistic problems that exist. and not with the rage available in a scalpel, but with the love available in a battle ax.	4
A striking and powerful documentary that tells a very important story. Very good directing and powerful writing are what helps make this a very good movie. There are some problems, such as pacing and a tendency to use random stock footage of cars or rain. Apart from that this is a very good and powerful documentary. B+	4
While it certainly brings up a hard spot in American history and begs to keep it in our mind, I am not your negro unfortunately feels more like a history lecture than a film. Grade: C	2
I Am Not Your Negro is a blast of angry poetic air that is important, withering and extremely timely. James Baldwin was one of last century's most important writers and this powerful documentary uses his words to brilliant effect. Baldwin was working on a book about his times with Martin Luther King, Malcolm X and Medgar Evers at the time of his death. Unfinished, the producers managed to gain access to his words which are narrated by Samuel L. Jackson over images of Baldwin and the times he lived in. There are snippets of Baldwin public speaking and appearances on talk shows to boost the drama of his words. It all comes together with devastating effect, providing illumination on Baldwin's recollections and also his thoughts on race relations. Baldwin was an important figure alive and his words live on to be just as important in today's world.	4
It might not have any light element that can smooth its violence to be more applicable for some audiences, but it doesn't matter because it needed to be honestly violent, tuff and worrisome. "I Am Not Your Negro" is deliciously slow, regularly informative, interesting and important. Samuel L. Jackson nailed it as the narrator and James Baldwin is one of the most fascinating social critics of the 20th Century. It is not every day that documentaries like this one appear.	4
Pretty Amazing mix of baldwins words, historical footage and media clips to bring the subject of race and America to our ears.	4
Phenomenal documentary. Extremely thought provoking!	5
I am not your Negro brings James Baldwin's vision of modern America and how we come far as human beings for better or worse	4
I Am Not Your Negro after thoughts: a strong message ahead of its time, adding the powerfully narration of Samuel L Jackson! Lots images & emotions invoked throughout this film that pressed me to reflect in my Faith & my country, and see just a glimpse of James Baldwin's writings & speeches. This film was not easy to watch but felt the importance & significance of it. So many historical pictures & images played such crucial elements to this story. When I heard James Baldwin during his speeches, he not only captured his audience but mine as well. Not must but CHALLENGE YOU TO WATCH! ???????????????? of 5 (4 of 5)	4
Es una lástima que no fuese mejor porque las opiniones de James Baldwin, las grabaciones, las entrevistas, son geniales pero el documental esta mal montado y termina aburriendo.	3
Thirty years has passed since James Baldwin began writing his book about race relations in the United States. When you strip down to the surface of America in 2017, as country things haven't really changed since Baldwin began his unfinished project.	4
Great movie. The interview of the director done by Marc Maron is actually pretty good too.	5
A no-holds-barred, biography-style documentary based around writer James Baldwin's unfinished manuscript for a book about the deaths of Medgar Evers, Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr. A must see for those interested in the civil rights movement via the African American point of view.	3
A meditative look at race relations from the insightful and eloquent James Baldwin.	3
Is this that interesting, essentially the points are one's people have made many times before. Doesn't really add anything putting this on the big screen, the most overrated piece of work this year.	3
This is a fascinating documentary that focuses on what was left of James Baldwin last book and turns it into a remarkable film. It is focused on three black activists (including Martin Luther King and Malcolm X) who were all killed in the 60s. It's a fascinating kaleidoscope of thoughts and ideas, philosophies and and a reflection on the society of the time and the stories it was telling itself and how we behave and the power of words. I found it remarkable. I'm currently watching "0J: made in America" which might be one of the greatest documentaries I have ever seen (even better than this film) and it is interesting to compare that film with the ideas presented here. James Baldwin is a remarkable writer, both gay and black, which must've been a difficult. And Samuel L Jackson gives one of his greatest performances ever and he's just the narrator but he is spot on.	5
"someone once said to me that the people in general cannot bear much reality. He meant by this that they prefer fantasy to a truthful recreation of their experience. People have quite enough reality to bear by simply getting through their lives raising their children dealing with the eternal conundrums of birth, taxes, and death.".... Our history is not our past but our present.I like to watch movies like these to remind myself how far or lack there of, of how far we have come. Things appear different but they are not. They are the same but we tell ourselves otherwise. This is one problem, and there are so many more, Many problems that existed 2000 years ago still remain. They just appear different.	4
Baldwin's always been a figure of fascination for me and Peck's intriguing portrait only deepens my appreciation of the man. That so much of what he had to say is still relevant speaks to this country's deep failings.	4
James Baldwin's words narrated by Samuel L. Jackson, featuring loads of archival footage from The Civil Rights Movement and snippets of interviews, while at the same time, drawing a parallel to contemporary America. a very important film. well done!	4
Simply Amazing Piece of Art.	5
A specific agenda being promoted by Liberals that has no base in reality.	1
I would have rather just watched more interview footage of James Baldwin.	3
amazingly narrated by Samuel L. Jackson covering James Baldwin's account of his complex relationships with Malcolm X, Martin Luther King, and Medgar Eversthe Negro problem in America is the story of America and it's not prettythe archival footage opens the viewers' eyes as well as mind truly breaking down how the white man has given birth to the common misperceptions, fears, and ignorance about the oppressed black personwe say we care about what's going on but do we really? we know there's a problem but if we don't see if then we choose not to believe it's actually happeningas far as Baldwin is concerned the fight for unification, equality, and compassion is difficult but not impossiblea documentary that is well-spoken, hard-hitting, and truthful about the things we do not know or fully understand	4
From the intimate perspectives and topics of James Baldwin's book proposal, I Am Not Your Negro provides an analytical and often scolding look at the black experience in the United States over the past 100 years. It may sound like something you've seen before, but the examinations here are refreshingly more byzantine and perceptive, which gives the viewer a whole lot more to wrestle with during and after. Both the nuanced voice work (by Samuel L. Jackson...?!) and the documentary's layout are ingenious too -- patching together an outline of themes, all the way to the 3 individuals it shines a light on (Medgar Evers, Martin Luther King Jr., and Malcom X). Everyone should take advantage of viewing this substantial, fiery, and pertinent piece of work.	4
More race baiting propaganda. When will this anti-white brainwashing stop? They're not even hiding it anymore. Very dissapointed with RT	1
Beautifully orchestrated; a valid and current assessment even 50 plus years after the end of the "overtly racist" propaganda cycle fueled the hatred of a people against those they subjegated. Mr. Baldwin's assessment rings true in this current American society highlighting the undertones, and casting light on these well embedded practices. Should be shown in all years of middle school forward...... But, I'm sure we know how that will play out. Watch it and learn something about your country, those around you, and quite possibly.... Yourself.	5
all the credit goes to james baldwin ;D	4
This not only a history lesson, it's a lesson in humanity and respect for all...not just for Black History Month, but for everyday of the rest of your life. This film is NOT just for Blacks. I suggest the producers send a free copy of "I Am Not Your Negro," to every high school in North America. Now out on DVD and/or Download. As far as I'm concerned, a must see.	5
Race baiting at its best.	1
I've always wanted to know more about James Baldwin and this movie is definitely the movie that helped me really understand who he was. Excellent documentary and I was really surprised that I was able to watch this on the European television station Arte (Gemany - France) for free before it's USA release on May 2, 2017. Everyone needs to see this so that they understand how far we still have to go in the USA with race relations.	4
Still so much racism in this country. This film couldn't be more relevant in Donald trumps America	5
Black racist bullshit !	1
An incredibly powerful documentary. Highly recommended!!	5
The fact that this unmissable documentary has been somehow met with strong opposition from a segment of the public is symptomatic evidence of its importance as an objective examination that should make us seriously reflect on the very roots of racism in America.	4
An exploration into what identity means when you peal back the bland generalities about identity politics in the media. This film is a thought provoking journey that will leave you thinking about your place in modern America. A little slow at the beginning, and at times muddled in exposition, it never the less dives deep into the soul of American white supremacy.	4
Sobering. Timely - albeit seemingly eternally so sadly.Searing. Cathartic.May God have mercy on the souls tormented in their life on this earth and on those of us who have yet to speak up sufficiently to oppose injustice, regardless of whether the perpetrator kin or foe.May reminders such as these drive us to more than a shudder or a tear.	5
Felt a bit incoherent. More of a book than a film.	3
Excellent first hand account of what it means to be black in the U.S. It did challenge me, but I think I enjoyed the Netflix documentary, "13th" more because of the more focused nature of the narrative.	4
I Am Not Your Negro is a painful documentary about Civil Rights Leaders and the ideas that were around back then. But it connects beautifully to today's struggles. James Baldwin's words spoken through the voice of Samuel L. Jackson. The words can dig into us at our core. The visuals are wonderfully striking. The emotions run raw. We see Baldwin's growth throughout the movie as well as the hurt and pain. Despite that, this is not a film about Baldwin.This film is about race relations in America both in the past as well as the present. Using words written 30 years ago, the audience sees both discourse on the state of race relations in the 60's as well as today. The words hit hard because they are both emotionally charged and quite blunt. There is no beating around the bush about Baldwin's feelings about race relations during his time. This makes it easier for the audience to attach themselves to the message. I looked around the packed theater during this film and I could see some of the white people in the audience shift uncomfortably at the language used and others sitting there like me, mouth agape at the beauty of the feelings expressed in this film. It was easy to separate the people who think race relations are broken from those who think it is fine. The great thing about this film is not that it gets the real history out there-that has always been there-but rather that it can get people of all opinions thinking more about the position that society puts black people living in America in.It's true that things have gotten better over time, but that is not hard to do when the history of it is riddled with trauma and hatred. It's also true that we have seen a fast rise in discrimination and hate towards ALL minorities, but primarily towards black people living in America."I can't be a pessimist because I'm alive," Baldwin said. "I'm forced to be an optimist."9.8/10	5
Excellent documentary 85% on the Ricksta Scale	3
going with P&R this week. Looking forward to dinner, movie and discussion with them	5
A must watch film about James Baldwins observations of race in America. It was eye opening and moving in every way. This film was incredible and interesting and very very relevant.	4
Enough is enough. Things have changed since the sixties and earlier. Well except that obama sent race relations back to the Stone Age.	1
Not sure I completely understand but I guess that's the point.	5
A story with learning about.	5
The powerful ideas of James Baldwin's writing are well represented in this timely documentary. The film looks at of the most thought-provoking queer, black writers of the 20th as he shares his views on MLK, Malcolm X and Medgar Evers. Olnly issue is way the film is structure is a little awkward - because the discussion revolves around his writing on those 3 men, but the documentary is really about him.	4
A well done documentary with imagery that left me shaken and angry. James Baldwin's commentary on race is definitely ahead of its time.	5
enjoyed it totally...	5
Powerful and relevant.	5
A must see for everyone! Should be required in every history class!	5
Brilliant. Script entirely Baldwin's words. Wow. So clear about race relations	5
Powerful & potent. Sound, voice and image are interlaced so well. As riveting and humbling as I had hoped.	5
A must-see for anyone interested in the truth about our racial divide!	5
I am pleased the ratings are high for this film.I will say he message of why does USA need a Nigger is the best thing to take away.I am of the 60s so much of the video is a reminder of what I grew up with. I can wonder what those born in the 80's and beyond must think.Pardon the use of the word Nigger but it's contextually reasonable.	5
I Am Not Your Negro is a powerful--and timely--documentary that makes clear the story of race relations in America is still being written. Directed by Raoul Peck and narrated by Samuel L. Jackson, the film presents vast amounts of archival footage from the civil rights era, juxtaposed against modern day representations of racial conflict, in which both the past and present are contextualized by the words of writer James Baldwin.Given that the source material is nearly 40 years old, many of Baldwin's thoughts and opinions on the black experience in America ought to feel dated, yet the overall feeling leaving the theater isn't about how far we've come, but how much farther we still have to go.	4
Informative. I don't feel those who should see it will.	4
James Baldwin lived a difficult and amazing life. Growing up poor in Harlem, he managed to crawl out from under the burden of a segregated America to achieve a place as one of the heroes of its betterment. However, as he explains in Raoul Peck's newest documentary "I Am Not Your Negro", growing up a Black child in John Wayne's America made him the villain by default. Just the same as the Native Americans that Wayne would kill and admonish in films, the Black man was the unwanted backbone of the country. As Baldwin said, the history of Blacks in America IS the history of America, and history, as this timely documentary shows, continually repeats itself. Based on the notes to his final, incomplete book "Remember this House", the film recounts in Baldwin's own words (narrated quietly by Samuel L. Jackson) his recollection of the lives and movements of Medgar Evers, Malcom X, and Martin Luther King Jr. It is a moving and beautiful film, but more than just commemorating their lives, Baldwin strikes at the core of race relations in the in the US. Ignorance, or an unwillingness to look at that which we cannot accept is at the heart of our dire culture, and it is codified through fear. It's fear of the other and fear of ourselves. The only problem I can see with the film is that you don't have to tell me or people like me this. People like me go see "Moonlight", "Fences", "Get Out" and "I Am Not Your Negro". Sure, we should be reminded of these truths often, but until movies like this are interjected into NASCAR races and between episodes of "Swamp People" the people who need to hear it the most will continue to keep their heads in the sand.	4
Very good documentary.	4
ARE YOU KIDDING!!! This film is incredible, the visuals Peck combined with the profoundness of Baldwins words, and throw on top of that the hardest working man in Hollywood Samuel L. Jackson lending excellent narration...greatness.	5
Every Single US Citizen must see this movie. If you don't, you're not an American.	5
ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???	5
I saw this with a friend last night. Powerful words and images, expertly and artfully woven together. I particularly appreciated various juxtapositions of various film clips and scenes/reminders of the terrors and injustices still born by our long suffering nation.	4
These conversations need to be had.	5
Absolutely one of the best documentary films of the year and one of the year's most important films!	5
Interesting movie. The dick cavett show was the scene that made it for me, when the professor came on and said something about that race should not be our only connection, you may have more in common with another author than another black man and JB responded	5
What can I say? It was so well done with actual footage and brilliant reading of Baldwin's own words that it was as if I had a chance to sit in a room with him. The guy was iconic and solid. It did have a tendency to drag though, as I felt the filmmakers were so steeped in hero worship that tehy forgot to edit and stick to the point.	3
I appreciated its message and what it says, but when it ends I didn't feel like it had said anything new. It certainly has poignant moments and it was never boring or overt with its commentary, but I never found myself truly riveted or engrossed by it. I think those who need to see the film likely won't, and those who get its message likely don't need to.	2
Read about him a child, he wasn't my favorite African from that time. But, will check it out on itunes. The movie is not in my area.	3
Great movie! Biting and unflinching truth that is painful and frustrating for most Americans.	5
An amazing and insightful movie from an activist who lived through the civil rights movement. Hearing James Baldwin talk about the deaths of Medger Evers, Malcom X, and Martin Luther King Jr. was powerful and I found myself crying many times while watching this movie. This sort of movie is important for white people to watch because many white people don't understand the pain and suffering that people of color go through on a daily basis. White people need to realize this pain and suffering and not feel good about it.	5
Every sentient being should watch this movie. First, even though I am well-educated, I am in awe of James Baldwin brilliance. But it's also an important movie for today because it is still our country's story.	5
One of the best documentaries you will ever see. Should be required viewing for all white people and a must see for all black people. James Baldwin and other black voices beautifully illustrate the dichotomy of white America's perceptions of race in America and black America's reality of race in America. James Baldwin's story through the lens of the devastating effects the assassinations of Medger Evans, Malcolm X, and Dr King have had on America and the black psyche. You'd be hard pressed to find a more eloquent and thought provoking explanation of the black view of American history and race.	5
an excellent documentary on one of our most important and insightful intellectuals and writers; film offers an accounting and context that is of great value and continued importance...	5
Great movie. Too truthful for most.	5
Every American needs to see this film.	5
Should be required viewing.	5
"Because Uncle Tom refuses to take vengeance in his own hands, he was not a hero to me."I Am Not Your Negro feels monumental. It's not simply subject matter; just because a film looks at the black experience in America it doesn't necessarily mean it is a great artistic feat (if that were true, then something like Hidden Figures, which is a good but still 'feel good' kind of watered-down Hollywood product, would be in my top 10 this year, and it isn't). There has to be something else to the artistry, to elevate the subject matter and to make us feel, somehow, that through art there can be some redemption. This is significant with a film like this because there is little/nothing that can be found as redemptive in what white people have done to blacks over hundreds of years. While James Baldwin grew up at a time when he was free inasmuch that he wasn't a slave or someone's direct property, the struggle for African Americans to have some kind of semblance not even so much to have civil right but to be *acknowledged as human beings*, to be MEN and WOMEN, was one that he sought and argued for his whole life.Peck depicts Baldwin's life and times through his words, spoken by Samuel L Jackson in a performance that you can forget easily is a performance because of how masterfully he slips into *being* Baldwin. It may not be a performance at all, it's simply like we are hearing this man reading from his (at the time of his death unfinished) book about the lives and deaths of Medgar Evers, Martin Luther King and Malcolm X as he knew thing (which, I should add, makes it all the more remarkable, hopefully when his career is evaluated in sum this will be one of Jackson's major accomplishments). But Peck also depicts it through the art of juxtaposition - and make no mistake, art is what goes into this process, whether Peck is choosing scenes from films (both famous ones like Guess Who's Coming to Dinner and The Defiant Ones, which Baldwin had some strong and pointed criticisms of, or clips from educational films and newsreels and of course blacks being abused and beaten in the streets and/or marching), or whether it's Baldwin himself, or someone else.The art comes in the way that Baldwin's words create a context about how society has treated black people, and how, with as clear a sense of purpose as possible, Baldwin wants to strip down further how whites see blacks and even how blacks see whites and blacks see blacks and everything else that goes with that. Some of the juxtaposition is simple enough - John Wayne, who Baldwin describes as someone who "never grew up," is shown slaughtering Indians in 'fun', which Baldwin then uses to bring in the black experience as something comparable, which it is - while others are rebukes, denunciations, and, philosophically and emotionally, seeing how images portrayed by society intersect and contradict and make even more painful how blacks were treated and still are for so long: that fear and rage and hurt, while whites create their own context. And lastly the juxtaposing comes in with modern times (Obama, the murders of Tamir Rice and Michael Brown in Ferguson, all those white politician apologies, with the last one of course being Trump, that superimposed over a montage of a road slowly going along).If anything the movie is inspiring simply because it sees with the clearest of vision not that things have changed so much but that things have not changed, and that even with the end of segregation or voting rights or whatever, the soul of America is forever stuck in a place where things can never fully be healed (in a moment that seems darkly prophetic and provocative, in 1965 Baldwin calls out RFK for saying that one day there could be a black president as something that feels/seems/maybe is like whites *allow* blacks to become presidents, and it only takes 40 years after 400 years of slavery and oppression... I mean, damn). It may be inspiring simply because it exists and Baldwin's words take on a greater meaning when put to these images, which Peck and his editors have assembled with great care but even a greater sense of purpose.There is importance to its message, but this goes in tandem with it being a profoundly moving piece of filmmaking, where so many images and sounds of brutality and racism, in the reality of the time, in those white faces set against black ones (i.e. that black teen going to school surrounded by people spitting on her) and in that fantasy-space of the movies and what they've shown over time (in a way this is as much of a movie about movies as La La Land might be from this past year, at least up to a point). While there could be a criticism that the movie goes all over the place with its subject matter, I found this to be a strength of the storytelling. This isn't some talking-head piece looking at Baldwin's life (there's a PBS doc for that), but rather this is simply the story of a man looking at three men who inspired him and sometimes made him rethink his ways and whose deaths caused him intense pain. And by the end of it all is a clip of him saying that he still sees hope, in a sense, in that he's not a pessimist - if the future of America as a whole is better than, perhaps, so it will be for blacks, since it is ALL America, ultimately.Wow.	5
A must-see. A work of brutal honesty that is so relevant to our present times. May have to see it more than once to let everything seep in.	4
A very well done recap of the racial issues still in America and the impacts of Malcom X, Medgar Evers and Martin Luther King Jr with much of the film told through conversation footage from that period.	5
Haunting and prophetic film about race relations in the US. James Baldwin is brilliant, honest, and brave. Asks the question: Who are we as Americans?	5
Powerful. An education!	5
Not sure what to say. The films content is as important today as it was in 1963, '65 and '68. As a black man watching in a packed house of white people in a very white town I was taken on a roller coaster of emotions ranging from pride, to anger and sadness. Sitting next to a white woman who seemed just as uncomfortable as images of racism and police brutality raced across the screen, I nor longer felt alone. The filmmaker in me felt confused by some of the transitions, but as a human being I chose to ignore this and soak in the knowledge. The film ended with an emphatic punch while I sat there trying to process the last 90 minutes of my life as everyone else rose to give I Am Not Your Negro a standing ovation.	4
Powerful and insightful. As does the fictional Howard Beale of Network, the very real James Baldwin is as relevant today as they were 40-50 years ago if not more so. Part biopic part race doc this movie should be shown in every school in America. Where are the James Baldwins of 2017? (2-20-17)	4
Defies linear storytelling to bring a brilliant man's unpublished memoir to life. It's prose over all else, in one of the most original and emotionally salient films of the year. The film brings James Baldwin's words back to life at a very important time in America's discourse.	5
A powerful and motivational documentary, and likely 2017's first must-see. Using an unfinished manuscript from author James Baldwin for a basis, director Raoul Peck has sculpted a fierce account that's often poetic in its delivery. Using meditative location shots compounded with informative archival footage, I Am Not Your Negro gives viewers a very uncomfortable look at the unending struggles of African-Americans, and Baldwin's words (spoken by Samuel L. Jackson) have proven to be timelessly prescient amidst these tumultuous times we live in. Despite the often disturbing content, however, the film is motivational and empowering, ultimately asking viewers to find enlightenment rather than rage, and there's enough wisely placed moments of humor to make it an enjoyable experience as well as a socially relevant one. An early contender for best documentary of the year.	4
I think this should be required viewing for all high school history classes it's that eye opening ! We need to learn from our mistakes people it's time for change now	5
look for racism and you'll find it. how about a movie about moving forward? I doubt that white people (or anybody) will benefit from dredging up more of a real past that we all need to move on from. the past was horrible, we get it. let's move on!	2
Thought-provoking and provocative, the Baldwin documentary casts a long shadow in the struggle for Civil Rights.The Negro, like America, is not monolithic, nor is his struggle one of utter despair, yet struggle he does under the hand of oppression and white power.	4
This is a very good documentary. I remember much of this from my childhood. The important thing to me is to remember the thoughts of Mr. Baldwin. Very interesting and it makes you think.	5
I liked this movie a lot.... a whole lot. It is in many ways a sad movie because so much of what Baldwin said nearly 50 years ago still seems so true. In other ways it is an optimistic movie (if for no other reason than) because he tells us to be optimistic in the film. As the title suggests, this seems to be more a movie for white people than for black people (but maybe that's my whiteness telling me it's all about me), and Baldwin is definitely not mine or yours or anyone else's human being. He is Baldwin. He and the film maker take the audience right up to the edge a squeemish-want-to-look-away discomfort (again, I'm guessing mainly white audience members will feel this way) but manages to keep his hooks in us with a wisdom and a lyricism that makes this film compelling. If you're someone who thinks we already spend too much time talking about race, then I can almost guarantee that you won't like this movie, but I still wish you'd see it.	5
Yes yes yes!!!! This should be a required film for all the these youngsters!!!	4
I am not your Negro: An unrestrained portrait of Race in the United StatesI am Not Your Negro, The James Baldwin documentary, is an unrestrained portrait of race in the United States. That is no surprise since it is based on his life and writings. From his life in France to his last works and speeches, this movie takes us on a journey with Baldwin and his lessons of historical racism. The film looks at media portrayals of race, from the Black mama, to the slave, to heroes like Sydney Poitier whom for White liberals was the definition of the acceptable, strong black male. However, for many Blacks, Poitier was the figure that allowed Whites to forgive themselves, as Baldwin writes. His roles allowed Whites to believe they weren't racist, cause hell, they liked this Poitier fellow. The famous quote goes, "The story of the negro in America is the story of America." Baldwin doesn't mean all history, he means the real history that you won't read in the history books. He means the tragic tale that made America possible, from slavery to segregated schools, to the military and the prison industry. The movie made my head hurt, just like what happens when I read Baldwin. So many of his lines have so much in them. They are multilayered pictures of reality. They are unflinching in its condemnation not only of the racists but of the liberals that congratulate themselves that they don't use the wrong words or that they have Black friends or associates. But, as Baldwin points out, these liberals don't bother to cross the street to have dinner with Black families. The movie is dense like a rich cake that changes flavor the more you eat. During the film, Samuel Jackson reads Baldwin's words about Malcolm X, Martin Luther King Jr., and Medgar Evers, all people Baldwin knew well. We also see footage of his discussions on race and from a very interesting interview with him on the Dick Cavett show. Cavett missteps with some questions to Baldwin, but from the clips we saw, Cavett was smart enough to let Baldwin explain his position. When a philosopher comes on the show and contradicts Baldwin's views on race, Baldwin eloquently explains why this man is incorrect on race because "his is a view of what he wants things to be, not of things as they are." Interspersed throughout the film are scenes of modern day conflicts between Black communities and police: riots, beatings, killings from Ferguson and elsewhere while Jackson reads Baldwin's words. Clearly, Baldwin's words are still relevant today. Rating: Pay Full Price, see it Twice.There is nothing I can criticize here. Baldwin's words, the use of archival footage, the music, the editing were all spot on. And Samuel Jackson reads Baldwin's words nearly flawlessly. Peace, Tex Shelters	5
An important and intense documentary.	5
Hey Wayne, it's not the fact that you think this movie might cause racism it's the racist bigoted thoughts that you have that cause racism. If there were a lot less bigots in the world racism would stop. So stop you're privileged rants and just go see some history and learn something about it.	5
Instead of keeping hope alive, let's just keep racism and the past alive and not make movies about the current state of equality. And please save your rare exceptional modern day examples of dramatic effect. No one cares. I care that MLK he's dream is realized but it's a certain side the advocate the lie that it's still like 1950	1
Excellent documentary. It's powerful to see both how much and how little has changed at the same time. Watching this I couldn't help but think of the parallels between white backlash towards black empowerment and revenge porn- it's that very male attitude of "if I can't have you, nobody can." Certainly explains our current political climate - the 'how dare you elect a black man as president, we may as well burn the fucking country down' attitude.	4
An interesting look into mankind's past.	5
Very absorbing, but choppy, if one wants to really grasp Baldwin's views. I might see it again, and/or see if there's a transcript available. I wish it were possible to resurrect him. I'd like to get his take on the Obama presidency and Black Lives matter. I suspect he'd be appalled at the Rap "culture" and the glorification of the "Thug Life."	4
Utterly relevant and true.	5
Look closely at the environment, listen closely to Baldwin's wise words about the health of a "United" States that treats its whole citizenry as unworthy of dignity & meaning. Such a strong statement of what it means for most of us, not just Blacks, to live in America.	5
Extremely well done, deeply affecting film. Weaves together Baldwin's first person accounts and news reel. Samuel Jackson reads Baldwin's preliminary text - he died before he was able to finish - on the matter of racism in the US and the assassination of 3 friends, 3 American heroes.	5
Run, don't walk. Everyone needs to see this.	5
Challenging and powerful. Every American should see and try to understand this movie.	5
Movie was fantastic! Not the typical "slavery" or "race bait" movie. It really opens your eyes to Americas problem as a whole not just race vs race but people vs history and the need to keep it from repeating itself by truly coming together as a nation.	5
A very important film	5
Awesome movie. Tastefully directed and written by arguably one of the best writers of all time.	5
I enjoyed it. It was very different than any other movie I've ever seen before. It's an important documentary that all Americans should see... I don't pretend to understand, completely, the struggles of the Black population. I empathize, greatly, and I feel this film helped me realize more than I had. Powerful images and speech.	4
thank you from the bottom of my heart to all those who came before me, to pave the road which i can stand on and walk on without bleeding of moral sins	5
WOW! I can only wish to be as eloquent and pointed with my words as James Baldwin was. This film must be analyzed and dissected in segments to truly grasp its power. I'm already home but the imagery, conversations, and mastery of Baldwin's work is still very much on my mind. #MustSee #NewClassic	5
After watching this movie one time, I must admit I may need to watch it again as the subject matter is very deep. Using the words of civil rights leader James Baldwin, documentarian Raoul Peck delves deep into the lives of three of the most important African Americans of the 20th century.	3
The found footage is irrefutable proof about how racism is woven into America's fabric. That combined with Baldwin's interviews make the film unforgettable.	4
I highly recommend this one.	5
The Oscar-nominated 2016 documentary feature "I Am Not Your Negro" (PG-13, 1:35) is based on the work of African-American author, essayist, playwright, poet and social critic James Baldwin. So, to understand what this film's about and how it came to be (30 years after Baldwin's death), it's imperative to know something about Mr. Baldwin. James Baldwin was born in 1924 and raised in Harlem. Disillusioned and frustrated by the treatment of blacks in post-World War II America, he moved to Paris, but returned to the U.S. in 1957 to do what he could to help in the intensifying struggle for civil rights.No matter where he was, what was going on or who was criticizing him, Baldwin wrote, lectured and appeared on television talk shows explaining what he believed and advocating for social justice. Besides reflecting the experience of blacks and gays in America, Baldwin's writings were, according to Wikipedia, "eagerly consumed by whites looking for answers to the question: What do blacks really want? Baldwin's essays never stopped articulating the anger and frustration felt by real-life black Americans with more clarity and style than any other writer of his generation." This film offers many such insights.Baldwin's 1972 book "No Name in the Street" chronicled his experiences as a black man in 1960s America, focusing especially on the assassinations of Medgar Evers, Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr. - all personal friends of Baldwin's. This book can be seen as the genesis and the core of "I Am Not Your Negro", which also fleshes out 30 pages of notes Baldwin made for a book (to be titled "Remember This House") that he had intended to write before he died. This movie tells the story of racial issues in America in the middle third of the 20th century through the eyes of a noted participant and one of its most insightful observers. If only the film had been able to live up to the potential of its source material.This film uses Baldwin's words (and words consistent with his thoughts, as extrapolated from his final unfinished manuscript) that go deeper than most in explaining the historic racial divide in America and chronicling the experiences of himself and others who lived through and participated in the height of the American Civil Rights Movement. We see Baldwin on screen periodically throughout the movie in archival footage from his speeches, academic lectures and appearances on TV talk shows. The rest of Baldwin's words (including the gaps filled in by screenwriter and director Raoul Peck) come to us through the expert narration of Samuel L. Jackson. Much of the history referenced in the film is illustrated through news footage from the 1960s and many of the points made by Baldwin and/or Peck are made through depictions of blacks and whites in movies and TV shows and commercials. There are also a few relatively recent photos and video clips which make the film seem more relevant than it is."I Am Not Your Negro" is an important movie whose potential is overshadowed by poor filmmaking. Besides reminding Movie Fans of some of the history of the struggle for black civil rights in America, the script delivers some valuable insights that will force audience members of all backgrounds to rethink some of their preconceived notions and long-standing assumptions about how people of different backgrounds perceive each other. In addition, some of the video segments and photos which appear on screen have rarely been seen in a cinematic production. Meanwhile, Jackson's narration matches Baldwin's voice so closely that it's easy to forget that you are listening to the distinctive voice of Samuel L. Jackson, creating the effective illusion that it's Baldwin speaking to the audience the entire time.Unfortunately, these significant positives are outweighed by negatives in the film's design and execution. "I Am Not Your Negro" never bothers to explain or even reference its own title during its runtime and has almost no narrative thread. Events and commentary seem to appear almost randomly and with very little effort to establish context or significance. Instead of using Baldwin's brilliance to shed light on the current racial divide in America, Peck seems content to leave Baldwin's observations in the past where they're frozen in time and place. Worst of all, the film lacks any positivity and offers no hope or ideas on how we can move towards a true post-racial society.What we're left with is little more than reinforcement for those who are already inclined to find racism in the deepest crevices of American society and in the most innocuous comments and actions of its people, while adding to the sorrow of well-meaning individuals who insist on wallowing in the guilt of injustices that occurred before their time and for which they're not personally responsible. I can't help but believe that Baldwin would be disappointed in how poorly his views are articulated and how badly they are squandered in a film which has gained enough attention that it could have made a real difference in moving forward the conversation about race in America. What a waste. "C-"	1
This pierces your psyche like a shot. All so very young. All murdered.	3
A movie that will change your life. James Baldwin is prophetically wise.	4
Best movie I have seen in years. We all need to see it.	5
This should be a primer for all Americans. Understand our history and build a healthy country.	4
Jesus, this was amazing.	5
Awesome documentary. Baldwin's lucid, pinpoint analysis on US race relations is a rarity. Excellent presentation.	5
This movie was simply amazing!	5
Loved it !! A must see	5
I have had an appreciation for Baldwin for the last 30 years. In this era of ignorant, racist, and xenophobic politicos - we should refer to him as the black Nostradamus!	5
Who are we as a nation? Where have we been? Where are we going? What is the role of the race? Here is a compelling revelation of the forces that have made us who we are. Whatever your leaning, your color, your politics, this is must see...for some understanding of our nation today.	5
see "the price of the ticket" in addition or instead	2
In I Am Not Your Negro, Raoul Peck brings to life James Baldwin's autobiography in a unique manner.	5
Very good. I didn't think anything here was particularly revelatory, but I agree with Bob Mondello, whose take was that this film is more interesting for what it does with/how it introduces the audience to Baldwin.	4
I Am Not Your Negro is one of the most powerful documentaries I have ever seen, and I am a documentary buff. James Baldwin had the most profound and insightful understanding and critique of "race relations" and its history in the United States, and this documentary captures that complex, uncompromising and yet profoundly humane critique in a way that is truly riveting!	5
James Baldwin was one of the most fiercely intelligent and articulate writers and speakers in American history. This doc captures that intensity with marvelous aplomb. Can't wait for the DVD.	5
Exceptional. Confrontational. Timely.	5
The most moving and compelling view of what it is like to be black in America. Told by a writer with a front row seat to the Civil Rights Movement. I will see this many times so it can sink into my heart and mind.	5
As advertised, an up-to-date treatment of race in America using James Baldwin's connection to slain civil rights leaders as its premise. Great original footage and selective narration add up to a tight presentation worthy of the trip to the theater.	4
This is a beautiful film about the ugly subject of racism. Must see film. CDW	4
An exceptional, incisive, and important film.	5
horrible disgusting race bait film	1
4 1/2 Stars. Fiercely intelligent documentary that brings you right into the black persons consciousness during the civil rights movement. It's a very challenging and harsh documentary for and on white America and it probably needs to be seen by all the people who won't end up seeing it, unfortunately. It's incredibly thought provoking and the parallels of what's happening today and what James Baldwin said in the 60's and 70's is nothing short of prophetic since we haven't taken enough steps to fight back systemic racism in America. I'll be surprised if this doesn't take it for best documentary this year.	4
A fine collection of powerful images, prose and messages that, regrettably, never coalesces into a cogent, well-organized whole. Despite its insightful parallels between Baldwin's observations and contemporary events, the film's narrative is all over the map, desperately searching for direction to get its points across. There's probably a good movie in there somewhere; it just doesn't show in the finished product.	2
Director Raoul Peck had the good sense to let Baldwin's own words do most of the talking. Combining an unfinished manuscript about Baldwin's friends King, X, and Evens (read by Samuel L Jackson with admirable and increasingly rare restraint) with footage from other interviews, Baldwin's critique of US society and race is so clear, so intelligence, and so relevant that it's almost unbearable to watch. As the credits started, my wife said "I'd see this again right now."	4
Director Raoul Peck had the good sense to let Baldwin's own words do most of the talking. Combining an unfinished manuscript about Baldwin's friends King, X, and Evens (read by Samuel L Jackson with admirable and increasingly rare restraint) with footage from other interviews, Baldwin's critique of US society and race is so clear, so intelligence, and so relevant that it's almost unbearable to watch. As the credits started, my wife said "I'd see this again right now."	4
Racism is always a thorny subject, but it is undoubtably more heightened given today's social and political climate. It's easy for a lot people to say how much things have changed, and while some things have, it's important to face the progress yet to be made in order to truly move forward. This is the overarching message of I Am Not Your Negro, told maturely and astutely with more than enough knowledge on the subject matter, and although there are a few structural and pacing issues, this material makes for a necessary viewing, as it points out the obvious and everyday that is ignored. Directed by Raoul Peck and narrated by Samuel L. Jackson, the documentary is based on writer James Baldwin's unfinished manuscript, Remember This House, in which he looks back on racism in America and the effects, similarities, and differences of Martin Luther King, Jr., Malcolm X, and Medgar Evans, as well as society's institutionalized and outright suppression of black people and culture. At 95 minutes, it could be looked at a crash course in paying attention to the obvious issues that so many people turn a blind eye to, but what makes it stand out is the depth and sense of intimacy at its core. Baldwin's writing as read by Jackson includes personal anecdotes and a plethora of historical and cultural benchmarks to refer to, and Peck and his editor Alexandra Strauss do good jobs compiling everything into a loose timeline culminating the statement that there hasn't been a ton of change and there isn't enough of a new stasis nowadays compared to in the 1950s to slow down fighting. Juxtapositions abound, cutting between archival footage of 1960s riots with footage of Ferguson or Rodney King being matched with the onslaught of current racially motivated police brutality. The thing is that it isn't done so in an over-the-top or angry way. The few issues with I Am Not Your Negro stem from pacing and structure, but not in a distracting way. The first is that there are a few times where the shift in ideas don't seem to flow as well as they could have, and the movie feels a tad choppy as a result. The second is that there are some topics--such as the media taking black people's sexualities away from them or how American culture's obsession with media plays a role in hatred--that should have been elaborated upon. Nonetheless, this is still a great documentary that shows how saddening it can be for something to be considered timeless. 8.4/10, great, B+, definitely above average, etc.	4
Mr. Peck assembles James Baldwin's essays, television appearances, debates and relevant news footage to showcase Mr. Baldwin's incisive observations on the United States and its people. The questions Mr. Baldwin poses to America are in need of answering now, just as they were then.	5
Writer James Baldwin's reflections of race relations in USA from late 1970's and looking today seeing how much things haven't changed. chilling	5
Solid film opening Black History Month especially in today's trying times with the orange dumbass in White House!	4
This is an excellent movie that is well acted and believable except for the ending which is not.	3
Amazing documentary. James Baldwin is able to eloquently articulate many of the tribulations that are in American society for blacks. The audience can peek into yet another dark, turned page of the history of blacks in America.	5
Amazing documentary that brings the amazing writing of James Baldwin to life on the big screen. Watching James Baldwin's powerful & influential voice discuss & debate with others, as well as seeing him craft each timeless sentence & phrase is a treat to watch. This is a movie every American MUST see as it paints a picture of a society that many people don't want to see. However, just because you turn away or don't see what's going on doesn't mean it's not happening.	5
Candid, hard hitting, and quite the warning. Really good docu-drama that forces you to think.	4
I was lucky to see an industry pre-screening last October and this film is flawless. This film's narration, and the storytelling impeccable. I cannot recommend enough. Every American needs to see it. Every adult human needs to see it.	5
It's amazing to me that a bunch of people can say "let the past go, stop with this racist rhetoric!" Unfortunately thanks to your ancestors, this is apart of OUR history and it's important to talk about it so our children know the struggle and the importance of rising above a condition that has been placed on them and continues to haunt them. No one tells the Jews to let go of the holocaust or ever tell them to stop making movies about their history and what happened to them. Stole our names, our language our culture, etc and I guess we should just burry the history that did all of this! Blows my mind!!!	5
i know this will be an eye opener....for those who wish to see	5
Anyone who has a problem with this movie is probably a racist! The movie plus the books based on this is life changing, and if anyone wants to move toward the future than they need to open their eyes and hearts or keep their mouths shut if they don't want to be part of the solution	5
A must see! There are so many untold and unfinished stories and this is one that tells more. Enough has been suppressed for hundreds of years in our schools, workplace and homes. Having one black president, a few black astronauts, and some black doctors does not mean the history of what happened is excused. Today's America needs to know what happened yesterday to avoid the same mistakes tomorrow.	5
1st movie of 2017 was this great Documentary. I loved how this was handled. Talks about race in America from the words of James Baldwin. So genius. Once again I'm always surprised with how much I still don't know about History. Learned so much more. Baldwin's writing was so amazing. He has such a way with words. Sad that what he said back then can still be said with what's going on in the world now. But it was so cool hearing in his own words about his friends Medgar Evers, Martin Luther King Jr & Malcolm X. Thought it was filmed well. For me got a little slow as most documentaries do for me. As I've said before, Documentaries aren't my favorite type of movie to watch, mostly cause I don't really have access to see them & they are more like a 1 time viewing for me, but this was definitely a stand out of the year. I always get confused cause it says it's a 2016 film but it comes out this February. It got nominated for a Spirit Award but haven't heard it in conversations for any other awards? So not sure if it is qualified for this Awards season? Lol. But I think it's definitely good enough to be getting nominations. Raoul Peck did a great job putting this together! If you get the chance to see it you definitely should!	4
Everyone - yes, everyone - in the world should see this amazing, riveting, honest and brace film. Tough issues toughly explained, yet so pleasurable to watch. Never have I enjoyed hearing the truth so much.	5
The mirror is the hardest place to look into. The only way to NOT repeat history is to keep it in our minds.	4
WAITING TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!!	5
Lyrical, impassioned, spellbinding...	4
This is an amazing awesome presentation of American history that all should see.	5
I just seen Thor Ragnarok and must say I did enjoy the movie. The only real issue I had with it is the movie went way over the top with the jokes but other then that it was a solid movie. The plot was on point the acting was decent but not great but the action scenes were great. In my opinion adding the Hulk in this movie was a very smart move . They allowed Hulk to shine in this movie just as much as Thor and hopefully that will lead to another Hulk movie. Dr. Strange has a cameo in the movie aswell. There were to scenes after the movie .This is my favorite Thor movie with the second movie being next followed by the first one. so If you enjoy the other Thor movies and you want to see Hulk fight Thor then team up and fight Thor's evil sister then you should enjoy this movie. Tons of laughs to much for me but o well. Next up Black Panther I can't wait. 94 is also way to high of a rating I put it at 85 or 86	3
"I *liked* this movie"My exact words coming out of the theatre.Up until the trailers dropped, I didn't have much hope for this movie, because the last to movies were, for lack of a better term, Kinda Lame. Even after the trailers, I was skeptical, since I've been fooled by good trailers before (Hello Suicide Squad, Hello Age Of Ultron).But *BOY* was I glad to be proven wrong about this one.While I'm not 100% sure if this passes Guardians Of The Galaxy as the best MCU MOVIE, it's definitely my new favorite in the MCU. While it does tend to lean more towards the comedic side a little too often, it definitely was NOT out of place where it came in, and knew when to hold back the Comedy & let the more serious & dark moments shine through.The performances were pretty standard all the way through: Chris Hemsworth & Tom Hiddleston were pretty much what you'd expect for Thor & Loki, respectively; Tessa Thompson was amazing as Valkyrie, coming off as a fun character most of the time, but able to turn on the seriousness when the movie called for it; Idris Elba as Heimdal was kind of just there, but, for me, my favorite performance came from Korg, played by director Taika Waititi, who, while your basic comic relief, never seemed to come off as annoying.On the flip side, you had Hela, who, coming off of a villain like The Vulture (who was small-time compared to some of the other villains, but still came off infinitely more memorable), and sharing a movie with LOKI (the hands-down BEST MCU MOVIE villain) came off as a carbon copy of Loki from the first movie. Not quite Ultron, or Dark Elves bad... just... average.Also: Karl Urban was there... he was ok.Also, Also: excellent use of Jeff Goldblum.5/5	5
Very funny. The best Thor movie.	5
Asgardians of the Galaxy!	5
#ThorRagnarok was AWESOME! No spoilers but is the Winter Solider of Phase 3 and a standalone Thor movie that works on it's own. Taika Waititi has made Thor great again. Chris Hemsworth played him well. Tom Hiddleston is always good as Loki. Tessa Thompson kicked ass as Valkyrie. Cate Blanchett was murderously wonderful as Hela and one of the better Marvel villains. Karl Urban's character, Skurge, has a very good arc that ends with a badass moment that's totally Karl Urban. And, Mark Ruffalo's Hulk continues to be great in the best way possible and the way he starts his return is so awesome you'll be interested to see how his arc continues in Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers 4. This was a true love letter to Jack Kirby and everything he brought to the comics and you'll see that when you see how they got the designs for Surtur and Fenris Wolf nailed. And, stick around for the two post credits scenes (one that is essential when going into Infinity War and one that shows how much fun it is having out on Sakaar with Jeff Goldblum as the Grandmaster). So, all in all, Thor: Ragnarok is a Top 5 MCU movie and you'll have fun with it. Go see it. It's worth it. 5 stars ??????????P.S. A couple more things for me to say are that Taika Waititi breaks out playing rock man Kong and Mark Mothersbaugh delivered and awesome music score for this movie, in my opinion. Also, keep your eyes peeled for a certain celebrity cameo.BTW, can someone link me to a Masterpost where I can post Ragnarok spoilers?	5
fast, fun, & engaging	5
While the best of the three Thor movies, "Thor: Ragnarok" suffers from a cliché plot, overloaded action and jokes, and a hurried pace. Still, its joy is contagious and it makes very good use of its titular character.	3
Seriously, this movie doesn't deserve to have a 100% RT rating or an A score. I've seen it and the movie has hits and misses on its punch lines. There were boring moments that deserves yawning. It could be shorter where some scenes should have been included to the deleted scenes. Honestly, it's not the best Thor movie.	2
great movie, just funny, great action, the marvel formula works. Amazing job combining the 2 stories	5
loads of fun and great chemistry!	5
WTF!!!! Geekin out!!!	5
It's a ten. TEN!Hilarious and infinitely entertaining. It may be the best MCU yet.	5
Funny and exciting, "Thor: Ragnarok" has plenty of laughs to offer; as well as wonderful action, impressive special effects and some surprising narrative heft to it. Even if the first 20 minutes can feel a bit rushed and off-paced.	4
What an absolutely amazing movie.	5
It works when it is KIrby's adventure but it doesn't with all the rest. Maybe that's what the Ragnarok truly means.	2
That was a fun, action-packed movie. Saw it in RPX RealD 3D at the Opening Night Fan Event. It was a little over 2 hours, and it didn't feel like it. The pace is very steady, the jokes are corny, the humor works, and I had fun watching it. Visuals were colorful and pretty, the slow motion scenes were amazing, the shots were impressive, and the story worked! FULL of good Easter eggs though, so no wonder the trailers showed Thor facing Hulk because there'd be nothing else to show. Fun movie, not perfect of course and not excellent, but definitely the best Thor and the most fun Marvel movie for me. Marvel is right on track with the road to Infinity War!	4
Maybe tries to be a little bit too funny, loved the movie, laughed aloud but there's something not right with the hulk talking scenes. You'll know what I mean. After saying that , my favourite marvel movie ( maybe not ) o far.	3
Very entertaining movie, both superhero and casual movie goers will enjoy. Had a good mix of both action and plenty of comedy for the whole family. Highly recommend.	5
That was a great movie , I would put it up there with the Guardian of The Galaxy series as the best movie Marvel has made to date . Great combination of Comedy and action .	5
It was really good, but not as good as I thought it would be. The problem with Marvel producing such phenomenal movies your expectations are extremely high for each release.	4
Real or not this movie is one hell of a journey! The story is truly serious and great, the fun moments are tons! The cinematography of action scenes is just unrealistic good. Hela is one of the best MCU villain so far! Cate Blanchett just killing in it in this role. She looks sexy, furious and also got her arc in the movie, which is big step, thinking about previous Thor movies. Hulk got so many epic moments, that I just can't count. Valkyrie fits perfectly in the ne "Revengers" team such a good actress. Loki is fan favourite again! Every moment with Tom Hiddleston on screen is awesome. The movie it's so colourful and extraordinary, so you can watch it again and again and again! The score of the movie, the intense scenes, I mean I really love this movie. Is the best one among all of the three Thor movies. Firstly because it feels like whole new story telling, and secondly it's also one of the best MCU movies. Phase 3 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe gives us truly great movies, and like a die-hard DC/Marvel fan, I appreciate that.I will not reveal the plot or some big details of the movie, I want you to enjoy yourself first, but you'll not be disappointed at all! Hela is epic, Odin got his role in Ragnarok and there are some HUGE details that'll lead to Infinity War and you'll lose your mind when you see them. MINOR SPOILER: Someone is coming!!!	5
Too funny, the director should do a jackass movie instead.	1
Best Thor movie to date. Also it is funny and the comedy does not compromise the action.	4
Best movie ever it was funny, full of action and special effects were amazing. All of the 3 Thor movies incredible best of marvel, and Mark R. is the best hulk ever.	5
Thor Ragnarok is a great movie. Funny,beautiful,engaging and has a lot of heart. Top-notch CGI and hilarious at times. The MCU has created a spectacular film!	5
Love the MCU and i've been watching all of their movies since first phase, i really liked GGvol2 and Homecoming but Thor Ragnarok is my favorite MCU movie this year. It's a lot of fun and a far superior movie than the past Thor's movies, kept me hooked from start to post credit scene.	5
This movie was completely cheesy and awful to watch with the campy lines and cheap wardrobe for the main characters. Though as awesome, just not enough of her. Would have liked more of her instead of the blah Hemsworth, who needs to change his name to Cringeworth with this bad 2 hour comedy act. Awful awful awful movie.	1
Thor Ragnarok è stata una vera e propria sorpresa che non solo eleva la saga di Thor, ma anche l'intero universo Marvel. Il film è coloratissimo, frenetico e molto coinvolgente, dall'inizio alla fine. I personaggi vengono gestiti con sicurezza, con dialoghi coraggiosi e una costante ironia che rende l'intera pellicola quasi una action-comedy. Le scene d'azione vengono gestite con precisione, in linea con gli altri film della saga. Per quanto mi riguarda è il miglior film della Marvel da Guardiani della Galassia, l'ennesima dimostrazione di una casa di produzione in costante crescita.	3
Amazing movie. The music really brings the film together	5
It was amazing, funny, quick, full of action and references!	4
Very fun, visually stunning and awesome sounding movie. I was disappointed with the thinly developed story by the time it got to the third act and I wanted more tying into the upcoming Infinity War but there was just a tiny bit. The movie was better than Thor 1 and 2 but Thor 1 had a better story.	4
this movie is dope funny and awesome..	5
Propositalmente exagerado, Taika Watiti abusa de seu estilo de filmagem de maneira positiva.Visivelmente improvisando diálogos, Chris Hemsworth brilha, mas, apenas na parte cômica, deixando seu personagem se tornar um palhaço enrustido em meio ao caos.Ponto positivo, deixando brilhar quem realmente traz algo de positivo, como Loki e a desbundante Hela de Cate Blanchett.Thor: Ragnarok não é e nem será um quebrador de recordes, mas é aliviante ao menos, ver a Marvel saindo de sua zona de conforto.	4
Melhor filme do ano.(Wonder Woman n entra nessa lista pq seria covardia com os outros filmes.)	5
Easily the best Thor movie and one of the very best in the MCU, Thor: Ragnarök is a bold new entry in the franchise that is different and unique thanks to the fantastic comical approach of Taika Waititi, while also being eye-popping, fun and pure Marvel. Filled with wonderful performances from a game cast and a funny and clever script, Ragnarök doesn't disappoint.	5
fun fun fun.. the perfect comic book movie for the whole family. like an eighties family film!!superb in every way!	5
This movie was completely cheesy and awful to watch with the campy lines and cheap wardrobe for the main characters. Though as awesome, just not enough of her. Would have liked more of her instead of the blah Hemsworth, who needs to change his name to Cringeworth with this bad 2 hour comedy act. Awful awful awful movie.	1
Thor Ragnarok è stata una vera e propria sorpresa che non solo eleva la saga di Thor, ma anche l'intero universo Marvel. Il film è coloratissimo, frenetico e molto coinvolgente, dall'inizio alla fine. I personaggi vengono gestiti con sicurezza, con dialoghi coraggiosi e una costante ironia che rende l'intera pellicola quasi una action-comedy. Le scene d'azione vengono gestite con precisione, in linea con gli altri film della saga. Per quanto mi riguarda è il miglior film della Marvel da Guardiani della Galassia, l'ennesima dimostrazione di una casa di produzione in costante crescita.	3
Amazing movie. The music really brings the film together	5
It was amazing, funny, quick, full of action and references!	4
Very fun, visually stunning and awesome sounding movie. I was disappointed with the thinly developed story by the time it got to the third act and I wanted more tying into the upcoming Infinity War but there was just a tiny bit. The movie was better than Thor 1 and 2 but Thor 1 had a better story.	4
this movie is dope funny and awesome..	5
Propositalmente exagerado, Taika Watiti abusa de seu estilo de filmagem de maneira positiva.Visivelmente improvisando diálogos, Chris Hemsworth brilha, mas, apenas na parte cômica, deixando seu personagem se tornar um palhaço enrustido em meio ao caos.Ponto positivo, deixando brilhar quem realmente traz algo de positivo, como Loki e a desbundante Hela de Cate Blanchett.Thor: Ragnarok não é e nem será um quebrador de recordes, mas é aliviante ao menos, ver a Marvel saindo de sua zona de conforto.	4
Melhor filme do ano.(Wonder Woman n entra nessa lista pq seria covardia com os outros filmes.)	5
Easily the best Thor movie and one of the very best in the MCU, Thor: Ragnarök is a bold new entry in the franchise that is different and unique thanks to the fantastic comical approach of Taika Waititi, while also being eye-popping, fun and pure Marvel. Filled with wonderful performances from a game cast and a funny and clever script, Ragnarök doesn't disappoint.	5
fun fun fun.. the perfect comic book movie for the whole family. like an eighties family film!!superb in every way!	5
3.75 out of 5 Stars.	3
Saw this in a screening and loved the fun and humor of it all!	5
Saw the screening on Monday and liked it a lot. Sort of a cross between Avengers and Star Wars with well timed comedy.	5
For me my biggest complaints of the first 2 Thor films are that they lacked energy, Thor Ragnarok is the complete opposite of that. From the thrilling opening scene all the way to the epic finale, not one second was I bored. I actually seemed to care for each and every character in a Thor movie with this one. The story is never too crowded nor does it feel like it needs more to it. And damn Marvel is in a 3/3 streak of great villians this year. The 3D is absolutely a delight and this takes the advantage to throw Thors hammer or other objects out at you. I loved Thor Ragnarok. A	4
Después de dos películas, por fin logran definir la personalidad de Thor, aunque en los trailers parecía copiar el estilo Guardianes de la Galaxia, Thor Raganarok tiene su propio estilo y su propio universo, por fin vemos el potencial de sus poderes; los personajes no pierden un segundo de su metraje en pantalla para darles forma y personalidad. Me encantó sin duda una de mis favoritas. Disney escucha a su público y está dispuesto a hacer los cambios que sean necesarios.	4
Exploded tirelessly in both, humor and action, Ragnarok takes advantage of what fans and audiences expected from a Thor film from the very beginning, but it is Taika Waititi's vision and style the core in which the heart of the movie rises, excelling in the already great and enjoyable characters, epic exhilarating moments and over the top story that'll please hardcore fans of the MCU, as well as casual viewers in order to became one of the finest entries in the House of Ideas Studios.	4
Not as much as I expected. Fall asleep in the middle of the movie in a cinema. Yet the plot is nice which is by fulfilling the prophecy in a great way in order to avoid extinction. It was worth it to watch if you are looking for an action movie to enjoy yet not a mouth watering for a cinematic lover. Just for fun, why be so serious :)	3
What are Marvel doing! they've turned Thor into an idiot and Hulk, a baby. seriously disappointed with this movie.	2
awesome, best super hero movie ever and totally doesn't take itself too serious. A+	5
The BEST!!! Marvel Movie !!! amazing cinematic experience	5
Well balanced movie between the action & comedy. The movie gets serious when it needs to and is hilarious when it needs to. Tho the story arc being very dark in nature, I love the comedic route director Waititi took with this film. Thor & Hulk was an amazing collaboration seeing as (this might be the only way we'll see more of hulk). The chemistry was there and entertaining. Grandmaster surprised me how funny he was. Hela killed her part, Korg killed it, even Loki was on point.For any of these people to hate or say something negative about this film just seem so to be just that hatred. From what I noticed its people who don't know a single freaking thing about comics at all, and is your basic google user to get there info. As long as the fans of all ages love it. It's doing something good. Now my only hope is JLeague is half as good or better considering there track record.	4
A comedic high budget take on a Flash Gordon style b-movie. Sure it's pandering, but its quite funny throughout. I do wish that the entire movie could have been on Sakaar, because while Cate Blanchett is great as the scenery chewing baddie, the Asgard side plot feels like it's only there to serve the title and the necessary franchise progression. It felt forced and tone deaf with the rest of the movie. As a quirky comedy this movie is quite good though.	4
It was really entertaining and funny. It was a ride and i really loved it. Chris and Tom's brother relationship is phenomenal! Great film over all cant wait till Infinity War.	5
One of the best superhero movies of all times! from the first scene, you are completely hooked! Usually there is a boring point in each superhero movie and you think to yourself 'when is the fight scene going to begin?' BUT in this movie, you are basically glued to the screen from start to end! Thor is way more chilled, Banner is a mess which is awesome to see, The Hulk is brilliant, Valkyrie...NO WORDS describe how awesome she is, The Grandmaster is perfect AND you can't forget Korg! One of the best characters from any marvel movie. Absolutely perfect case...OH and Hela is a friken beast! Ive seen it 3 times now and each time is just better then the last! People say they overdone it on the comedy BUT it was refreshing! Lets keep the serious sh*t for Infinity Wars! 5/5!	5
So funny, not too cheesy, amazing actors, engaging storyline!! Must see!	5
Best marvel movie out there. period. nothing compares to the God of thunder vs the Hulk!	5
Piadas muito forçadas no inicio, de resto mó legal	4
Jokes. Jokes everywhere. There are not heart. No fear of the Ragnarok itself. Just a bunch of clowns acting like they are Super Heroes.	2
Thor defeated ragnorak, Thor cannot defeated hela , ragnorak defeat hela...SO HE UNLEASH THE THING THAT HE DEFEATED ON THE THING HE CAN'T DEFEAT!!!!!! To much comedy in it	4
A very good, funny, entertaining, and heart felt film. I was kinda burned that somethings were spoiled in promotional material but other than that it?s an amazing film worth seeing.	4
Brilliant movie! So funny!	5
Think this tops my best Marvel movie ahead of GotG Volume 1. Funny, dramatic and brings parts of the universe together really well. Very good film	4
As a Marvel fan, this is great addition to the Marvel Universe. Must see.	5
Saw it at an early screening. This may very well be the best movie in the franchise. (Review coming after release)	5
With the continued runaway success of the box-office juggernaut that is the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), it becomes more and more preposterous just how strange and unique it can be. You would think a mega franchise this valuable would be more prone to playing it safe, hiring established visual stylists who can produce product. Instead, the MCU finds interesting creative voices that can succeed within their very big sandbox. Enter New Zealand actor and quirky director Taika Waititi (What We Do in the Shadows), one of the most surprising directorial hires in a decade of blockbusters. The Thor movies are generally considered some of the weakest films in the MCU, so there's already plenty of room for improvement. With Waititi, Thor: Ragnarok is easily the best Thor movie and one of the funniest to date for the MCU. It's finally a Thor movie that embraces its silly, campy, ridiculous world and finds space to cram in more eccentricity.Thor (Chris Hemsworth) has returned to his home world of Asgard to find it in great peril. His brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston) has been ruling in their father's stead, and that's not even the worst part. Thor's heretofore-unannounced older sister Hera (Cate Blanchett) has been unleashed from her prison and is seeking the throne she feels is rightfully hers. She is the goddess of death and chafes at Asgard's revisionist history, trying to paint over its history as conquerors for something kinder and gentler. Thor is banished to an outlying planet, Sakaar, that's essentially a junkyard for the universe. He's captured by Valkyrie (Tessa Thompson) and sold to fight in the Grandmaster's (Jeff Goldblum) arena. Thor is trained to fight in gladiatorial combat, and his opponent and reigning champion is none other than the Hulk a.k.a. Bruce Banner's (Mark Ruffalo) alter ego. Thor must break free, convince the Hulk for help, get off this planet, and save Asgard before it's too late.Waititi has acclimated himself extremely well in the large-scaled world of blockbuster filmmaking, and yet his signature quirky sense of style and humor are still evident throughout, making Ragnarok the best Thor film. Let's face it, the Thor films are completely ridiculous and trying to treat them as anything but is wasted effort. These movies involve alien Norse gods traveling by rainbow bridges and even though they can traverse the cosmos in spaceships they still sling giant broad swords. The more the films embrace the inherent silliness of the series the better. Ragnarok is the Thor movie that gets all the serious stuff out of the way in the first act, tying up loose ends from 2013's Dark World, checking in with Anthony Hopkins' Odin and the requisite MCU cameo (a superfluous Doctor Strange), and then introducing Thor's long-lost twisted sister. From Blanchett's intro, the movie becomes what it was set out to be, a lavish and consistently funny buddy comedy. Gone are all the Earthly constraints from the prior two films. It's all aliens from here on out. Thor has everything stripped from him, his hammer, his family, his hair, and becomes an underdog once again. It's a surefire way to make a living god more relatable. Fighting from the ground up, Thor makes all sorts of new friends and enemies, and it's this evolution into an ensemble comedy where Waititi's film shines. There's a jovial touch to the world building that extends from the visuals to the variety of odd characters. Thor has never been more entertaining as Hemsworth (Ghostbusters) is able to stop being so serious and embrace his underutilized comedic chops. The man has a stunning sense of comedic delivery and a dry wit that's right at home for Waititi. Hemsworth and his daffy sense of humor have never been better in the MCU.Even with the added comic refinery, Thor is still the most boring of the Avengers, so Ragnarok solves this by introducing a new bevy of side characters that steal the show. The wacky world of the Thor universe was always its best aspect, and each new film pushes the boundaries a little further out, revealing more weird and wild planets and creatures. It feels like a Star Wars where we spend our time with the weird, scuzzy part of the universe. Ragnarok pushes those boundaries the furthest yet and introduces an entire cadre of loveable supporting players that you want to spend more time with. Tessa Thompson has a wonderful and intimidating introduction as she swoops in on a spaceship, makes her badass claim of her prized bounty, and then trips and falls, as she is quite tipsy from drinking. She regains her literal footing and still seems a bit out of it, but the ensuring process she goes through to claim what is hers is thoroughly impressive. As a Valkyrie, this is one tough woman, but Thomson (Creed) has great fun playing bad. She really reminded me of a female Han Solo. Thompson has a wily screwball chemistry with Hemsworth, and both actors elevate the other with lively give-and-take. Thompson is a terrific new addition. She has an enticing, irascible appeal without overt sexualization that sometimes befalls the Marvel female sidekicks (Black Widow, Pepper Potts).Another character you'll fall in love with is Korg, a rock monster gladiator played in motion-capture and drolly voiced by director Waititi himself. My question: is it possible for a director to steal his own movie? This is a character that feels stripped from one of Waititi's dry, absurdist comedies and placed into the MCU. Korg is a would-be revolutionary but really he's a joke machine and just about every line is gold. By the end of the movie, I needed a Korg spin-off series to further explore this unusual character.The requisite villains of the film definitely play their roles to full camp, enjoying every moment. Blanchett (Carol) is like a Gothic Joan Crawford, marching with a slinky step and a sneer. Her multi-antler helmet completes the operatic sweep of the character. You'll forgive me for my above comment on recognizing female characters independent of their sexuality, but man oh man does Goth Blanchett make me happy (especially with her hair down). It's a shame that the movie doesn't really know what to do with Hela though. Every time we cut back to her I found myself getting somewhat impatient. I wanted to return back to the weird and wild world Thor was on. Blanchett is entertaining but her character can't help but feel a bit shoehorned in ("Hey, you had a long-lost sister, and oh by the way, she's basically Death itself, and she's coming by to retake everything, so have fun with that and sorry for the short notice"). Goldblum (Independence Day: Resurgence) is left to his Goldblum devices and it's everything you would want. His signature stuttering deadpan is just as potent in the MCU, and the film finds strange little asides for him to make him even more entertaining. Karl Urban (Star Trek Beyond) has a plum role as Hela's second-in-command who doesn't really want the job. They actually gave this guy a character arc. It's simple, sure, but it was more than I was expecting.Ragnarok is a swan dive into a stylized, candy-colored explosion of 80s album covers come alive. The visuals and action feel inspired as much from the art of Jack Kirby as they do the pages of Heavy Metal. The overwhelming feel is one of irresistible fun, something you lean back, soak up, and smile from ear to ear in between handfuls of popcorn. The final battle feels suitably climactic and revisits Led Zeppelin's immortal "Immigrant Song" once the action peaks, coalescing into a crescendo of cool. The trinkly 80s synth score from Mark Mothersbaugh (The Lego Movie) is fantastic and helps to achieve an extra kitschy kick. This movie is just flat-out fun throughout. It finds fun things for the characters to do, like when Banner has to not Hulk out on an alien world filled with stressors to trigger such an occurrence. That sequence almost feels like the grown-up, polished version of Adam West desperately running around as TV's Batman in need of trying to find a place to dispose of a lit bomb. There's an archness to the action and character interactions that is playful without being obnoxiously glib. I also enjoyed a climax that involved more than just out-punching the villains. Some might even charitably read it as a commentary on the over reliance of apocalyptic grandeur.Playing from behind because of its hero's limitations, Thor: Ragnarok finally embraces the silliness of its franchise, opening up more comic channels and vastly improving its entertainment quotient. The weird word and its collection of odd and oddly compelling characters is the best feature, and though it takes Ragnarok a bit of time for house cleaning, it becomes a steadily amusing big-budget blockbuster that maintains a cracked and lively sense of humor. It's allowed to be strange and silly and campy. Waititi's imaginative voice is still very present throughout the film, pushing the movie into fun and funny directions while still delivering the sci-fi action spectacle we've come to expect from the MCU. Ragnarok isn't as deep as Civil War, as perfectly structured as Homecoming, or as subversive and different as Guardians of the Galaxy, but with a droll creative mind like Waititi, it becomes about the best possible Thor movie it can be.Nate's Grade: B+	4
Funny. Very funny. Hilarious. Great romp!	5
Think this tops my best Marvel movie ahead of GotG Volume 1. Funny, dramatic and brings parts of the universe together really well. Very good film	4
As a Marvel fan, this is great addition to the Marvel Universe. Must see.	5
Saw it at an early screening. This may very well be the best movie in the franchise. (Review coming after release)	5
With the continued runaway success of the box-office juggernaut that is the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), it becomes more and more preposterous just how strange and unique it can be. You would think a mega franchise this valuable would be more prone to playing it safe, hiring established visual stylists who can produce product. Instead, the MCU finds interesting creative voices that can succeed within their very big sandbox. Enter New Zealand actor and quirky director Taika Waititi (What We Do in the Shadows), one of the most surprising directorial hires in a decade of blockbusters. The Thor movies are generally considered some of the weakest films in the MCU, so there's already plenty of room for improvement. With Waititi, Thor: Ragnarok is easily the best Thor movie and one of the funniest to date for the MCU. It's finally a Thor movie that embraces its silly, campy, ridiculous world and finds space to cram in more eccentricity.Thor (Chris Hemsworth) has returned to his home world of Asgard to find it in great peril. His brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston) has been ruling in their father's stead, and that's not even the worst part. Thor's heretofore-unannounced older sister Hera (Cate Blanchett) has been unleashed from her prison and is seeking the throne she feels is rightfully hers. She is the goddess of death and chafes at Asgard's revisionist history, trying to paint over its history as conquerors for something kinder and gentler. Thor is banished to an outlying planet, Sakaar, that's essentially a junkyard for the universe. He's captured by Valkyrie (Tessa Thompson) and sold to fight in the Grandmaster's (Jeff Goldblum) arena. Thor is trained to fight in gladiatorial combat, and his opponent and reigning champion is none other than the Hulk a.k.a. Bruce Banner's (Mark Ruffalo) alter ego. Thor must break free, convince the Hulk for help, get off this planet, and save Asgard before it's too late.Waititi has acclimated himself extremely well in the large-scaled world of blockbuster filmmaking, and yet his signature quirky sense of style and humor are still evident throughout, making Ragnarok the best Thor film. Let's face it, the Thor films are completely ridiculous and trying to treat them as anything but is wasted effort. These movies involve alien Norse gods traveling by rainbow bridges and even though they can traverse the cosmos in spaceships they still sling giant broad swords. The more the films embrace the inherent silliness of the series the better. Ragnarok is the Thor movie that gets all the serious stuff out of the way in the first act, tying up loose ends from 2013's Dark World, checking in with Anthony Hopkins' Odin and the requisite MCU cameo (a superfluous Doctor Strange), and then introducing Thor's long-lost twisted sister. From Blanchett's intro, the movie becomes what it was set out to be, a lavish and consistently funny buddy comedy. Gone are all the Earthly constraints from the prior two films. It's all aliens from here on out. Thor has everything stripped from him, his hammer, his family, his hair, and becomes an underdog once again. It's a surefire way to make a living god more relatable. Fighting from the ground up, Thor makes all sorts of new friends and enemies, and it's this evolution into an ensemble comedy where Waititi's film shines. There's a jovial touch to the world building that extends from the visuals to the variety of odd characters. Thor has never been more entertaining as Hemsworth (Ghostbusters) is able to stop being so serious and embrace his underutilized comedic chops. The man has a stunning sense of comedic delivery and a dry wit that's right at home for Waititi. Hemsworth and his daffy sense of humor have never been better in the MCU.Even with the added comic refinery, Thor is still the most boring of the Avengers, so Ragnarok solves this by introducing a new bevy of side characters that steal the show. The wacky world of the Thor universe was always its best aspect, and each new film pushes the boundaries a little further out, revealing more weird and wild planets and creatures. It feels like a Star Wars where we spend our time with the weird, scuzzy part of the universe. Ragnarok pushes those boundaries the furthest yet and introduces an entire cadre of loveable supporting players that you want to spend more time with. Tessa Thompson has a wonderful and intimidating introduction as she swoops in on a spaceship, makes her badass claim of her prized bounty, and then trips and falls, as she is quite tipsy from drinking. She regains her literal footing and still seems a bit out of it, but the ensuring process she goes through to claim what is hers is thoroughly impressive. As a Valkyrie, this is one tough woman, but Thomson (Creed) has great fun playing bad. She really reminded me of a female Han Solo. Thompson has a wily screwball chemistry with Hemsworth, and both actors elevate the other with lively give-and-take. Thompson is a terrific new addition. She has an enticing, irascible appeal without overt sexualization that sometimes befalls the Marvel female sidekicks (Black Widow, Pepper Potts).Another character you'll fall in love with is Korg, a rock monster gladiator played in motion-capture and drolly voiced by director Waititi himself. My question: is it possible for a director to steal his own movie? This is a character that feels stripped from one of Waititi's dry, absurdist comedies and placed into the MCU. Korg is a would-be revolutionary but really he's a joke machine and just about every line is gold. By the end of the movie, I needed a Korg spin-off series to further explore this unusual character.The requisite villains of the film definitely play their roles to full camp, enjoying every moment. Blanchett (Carol) is like a Gothic Joan Crawford, marching with a slinky step and a sneer. Her multi-antler helmet completes the operatic sweep of the character. You'll forgive me for my above comment on recognizing female characters independent of their sexuality, but man oh man does Goth Blanchett make me happy (especially with her hair down). It's a shame that the movie doesn't really know what to do with Hela though. Every time we cut back to her I found myself getting somewhat impatient. I wanted to return back to the weird and wild world Thor was on. Blanchett is entertaining but her character can't help but feel a bit shoehorned in ("Hey, you had a long-lost sister, and oh by the way, she's basically Death itself, and she's coming by to retake everything, so have fun with that and sorry for the short notice"). Goldblum (Independence Day: Resurgence) is left to his Goldblum devices and it's everything you would want. His signature stuttering deadpan is just as potent in the MCU, and the film finds strange little asides for him to make him even more entertaining. Karl Urban (Star Trek Beyond) has a plum role as Hela's second-in-command who doesn't really want the job. They actually gave this guy a character arc. It's simple, sure, but it was more than I was expecting.Ragnarok is a swan dive into a stylized, candy-colored explosion of 80s album covers come alive. The visuals and action feel inspired as much from the art of Jack Kirby as they do the pages of Heavy Metal. The overwhelming feel is one of irresistible fun, something you lean back, soak up, and smile from ear to ear in between handfuls of popcorn. The final battle feels suitably climactic and revisits Led Zeppelin's immortal "Immigrant Song" once the action peaks, coalescing into a crescendo of cool. The trinkly 80s synth score from Mark Mothersbaugh (The Lego Movie) is fantastic and helps to achieve an extra kitschy kick. This movie is just flat-out fun throughout. It finds fun things for the characters to do, like when Banner has to not Hulk out on an alien world filled with stressors to trigger such an occurrence. That sequence almost feels like the grown-up, polished version of Adam West desperately running around as TV's Batman in need of trying to find a place to dispose of a lit bomb. There's an archness to the action and character interactions that is playful without being obnoxiously glib. I also enjoyed a climax that involved more than just out-punching the villains. Some might even charitably read it as a commentary on the over reliance of apocalyptic grandeur.Playing from behind because of its hero's limitations, Thor: Ragnarok finally embraces the silliness of its franchise, opening up more comic channels and vastly improving its entertainment quotient. The weird word and its collection of odd and oddly compelling characters is the best feature, and though it takes Ragnarok a bit of time for house cleaning, it becomes a steadily amusing big-budget blockbuster that maintains a cracked and lively sense of humor. It's allowed to be strange and silly and campy. Waititi's imaginative voice is still very present throughout the film, pushing the movie into fun and funny directions while still delivering the sci-fi action spectacle we've come to expect from the MCU. Ragnarok isn't as deep as Civil War, as perfectly structured as Homecoming, or as subversive and different as Guardians of the Galaxy, but with a droll creative mind like Waititi, it becomes about the best possible Thor movie it can be.Nate's Grade: B+	4
Funny. Very funny. Hilarious. Great romp!	5
Every bit enjoyable to watch as it was to be a part of -- Australia needs more of these productions.	5
Brilliant, hilarious and gorgeous to behold.. by far and away the best of the Thor triple bill and one of the best marvels so far... oh and a better soundtrack that GOTG...	4
PRETTY GOOD !!!! Many people had been saying that the film has to much comedy, and that is not the usual Thor profile from the comic books; well screw you; the movie is pretty good entertainment, I laughted, I had a very good 02 hours of fun. I only miss a little bit more about the Thanos and infinity jewels data.	4
This is a kids movie.	1
Tired joke after tired joke.... and i loved the previous Thor movies	2
Funny and full of insights!	5
Mher's favorite movie	4
So far best thor movie ever. So much better than thor the dark world! I just love the movie. Good action and good humor!	5
I know everyone is raving about this film -- and you're all wrong.I didn't sign on to watch a socially awkward, clumsy, and shrieking Thor. I don't know what the director got for making this film -- but it should be LIFE with no chance for parole.Half the scenes look as if they were improved and should be on the outtake reel.	1
Best Thor movie among all of it ! Amazing !	5
Entertaining and funny. Action comedy with first class effects.	4
Ragnarok is easily the most entertaining adventure yet for the God of Thunder, although the bar wasn't set especially high, and while it doesn't reach the heights of the MCU's upper echelon (Captain America: The Winter Soldier still holds the top honor), it continues Marvel's track record of churning out exciting, fun-filled action that even non-readers will find accessible.	3
Taking as much inspiration from cheesy 80s cartoons and metal hammer artwork as from the pages of Marvel, Ragnarok is drenched in gloriously over the top action and grounded by wry antipodean humour. But I'm deducting one half star for not getting AC/DCs Thunderstruck into the soundtrack. ;)	4
Best movie I've watched this year so far. Entertainment on the highest level.	5
Probably the best and funniest MCU movie since guardians	5
realy good ballence of humor and action	5
Loved the movie, the plot, the action and everything else. 1 thing I didn't like was how they repeatedly used the same comedy technique relentlessly, similar to Deadpool (where I believed it worked better) they could cut the music to make a joke or something comical. This for me was hilarious the first few times but the novelty soon wore off as it began to ruin the immersive mood after being used repeatedly to no end.	3
This movie provides the best comic relief character I have ever seen in a movie, rivaling that of even Deadpool.It is an absolute blockbuster of a film.	5
A fun, fresh superhero film, Thor: Ragnarok is a blast!	4
More than a laugh a minute but with enough action and excitement that you are never in doubt that it's a Marvel movie!	5
I think thor ragnarok is the funniest MARVEL movie. I really enjoyed the movie from the beginning, and it made me focused yet i still laughed at some plot twist??. Maybe im gonna select thor as my favorite character in MARVEL since he has cut his hair??	5
Endlessly fun, wildly funny. and visually spectacular. Chris Hemsworth is great and Cate Blanchett is fantastic.	4
Funny, fun action and compelling characters. Plus an awesome memorable bad guy!!	4
This a totally surprising film, in a positive way. It's not like the previous Thor films, this one has been produced more like Guardians of the galaxy. Totally orientated around humour, which really works. The story line is great and the actors bring the characters to life.one of best films this year!	5
Fun & Hilarious. Best Thor movie. Blanchett is an excellent villain.	4
"Thor: Ragnarok" Rules the World of Marvel Universe :)	5
Um dos melhores do UCM !!!	5
Best Thor movie hilarious from start to end.	5
I liked the movie a lot and it's bee, a while since I've enjoyed a marvel movie. I would say it's Guardian of the Galaxy 1 good. My main problem is that the story is a bit superficial, but the movie is still entertaining. The actors are good, the special effects are great.3/5.	3
Guardians of the Galaxy: Volume Thor I being silly, but I dug the film. I really liked Hulk and The Grandmaster. They stole the show. The visuals are excellent.	3
Fabulous! Thor Ragnarok delivers by any standard, but the thing that perhaps delighted me the most is that there's finally a Thor director who actually bothered reading Thor comics and who understood the material and treated it with warmth and respect. Which is most emphatically NOT to say that the movie is "for fans only" or that it's not as funny and irreverent as promised-it's everything it's been hyped for and more, one of Marvel's best in general, and probably the most enjoyable big movie in two years-but it also happens to be the movie that the fans of the comic book had ceased to hope for yet miraculously got. Thank you, Waititi!	5
Loved the movie, the plot, the action and everything else. 1 thing I didn't like was how they repeatedly used the same comedy technique relentlessly, similar to Deadpool (where I believed it worked better) they could cut the music to make a joke or something comical. This for me was hilarious the first few times but the novelty soon wore off as it began to ruin the immersive mood after being used repeatedly to no end.	3
This movie provides the best comic relief character I have ever seen in a movie, rivaling that of even Deadpool.It is an absolute blockbuster of a film.	5
A fun, fresh superhero film, Thor: Ragnarok is a blast!	4
More than a laugh a minute but with enough action and excitement that you are never in doubt that it's a Marvel movie!	5
I think thor ragnarok is the funniest MARVEL movie. I really enjoyed the movie from the beginning, and it made me focused yet i still laughed at some plot twist??. Maybe im gonna select thor as my favorite character in MARVEL since he has cut his hair??	5
Endlessly fun, wildly funny. and visually spectacular. Chris Hemsworth is great and Cate Blanchett is fantastic.	4
Funny, fun action and compelling characters. Plus an awesome memorable bad guy!!	4
This a totally surprising film, in a positive way. It's not like the previous Thor films, this one has been produced more like Guardians of the galaxy. Totally orientated around humour, which really works. The story line is great and the actors bring the characters to life.one of best films this year!	5
Fun & Hilarious. Best Thor movie. Blanchett is an excellent villain.	4
"Thor: Ragnarok" Rules the World of Marvel Universe :)	5
Um dos melhores do UCM !!!	5
Best Thor movie hilarious from start to end.	5
I liked the movie a lot and it's bee, a while since I've enjoyed a marvel movie. I would say it's Guardian of the Galaxy 1 good. My main problem is that the story is a bit superficial, but the movie is still entertaining. The actors are good, the special effects are great.3/5.	3
Guardians of the Galaxy: Volume Thor I being silly, but I dug the film. I really liked Hulk and The Grandmaster. They stole the show. The visuals are excellent.	3
Fabulous! Thor Ragnarok delivers by any standard, but the thing that perhaps delighted me the most is that there's finally a Thor director who actually bothered reading Thor comics and who understood the material and treated it with warmth and respect. Which is most emphatically NOT to say that the movie is "for fans only" or that it's not as funny and irreverent as promised-it's everything it's been hyped for and more, one of Marvel's best in general, and probably the most enjoyable big movie in two years-but it also happens to be the movie that the fans of the comic book had ceased to hope for yet miraculously got. Thank you, Waititi!	5
Very exhausting because of its greatness!	5
That Synthwave soundtrack and awesome story tho <3 my 3rd best marvel movie	4
It's fresh for Thor's new setting, and Cate Blanchett's performance is absolutely stunning. The story is simple, but Taika made the colors pop.	4
very funny and enjoyable movie	4
Well another wasted 2 hours of my life that I can't get back , all thanks to trusting these ratings ?? .	1
Marvel has made a modern masterpiece. Epic, hilarious, gorgeous, magnificent and hilarious. One of the most enjoyable experience in the Marvel universe.	5
A great action comedy from Taika Waititi that reinvigorates the Thor franchise. Great performances from all involved	5
The movie is really good! it's a Blast!!	5
It's been said all over and even to the point of nausea, but this movie is fun! Thor Ragnarok is a striking departure from the usual tone of Thor movies, and that choice does pay off. It's exciting and surprising, and I loved every minute of it. There's humour, there's action, there are stunning visual and strong performances from across the board. I don't think I've had that much fun in a theater in a while. The way Marvel is dealing with the continuation of their franchise, either with Spider-Man Homecoming or this one, is very satisfying. It's a great effort to try something new that maintains huge respect for the original material, while taking it in new, fresh directions. An entire segment of the movie is a tribute to Jack Kirby's visuals and it's amazing to see that on the screen.Excellent showing!	5
Reminder: Do not watch a marvel movie ever again.	1
4?? for Actors, 1?? for content. I really really like actors who play marvel heroes, they are awesome.	4
Está bueno el ragnarok, con sus giros (petits) y todo; hay que considerar que esto de thor ha sido el producto más débil de la mega-operación cinemática de marvel, luego de un regular inicio, una mala continuación, cierran la trilogía tratado de meterle un sabor pop y sicodélico a la franquicia. A mí me ganan desde que dark-galadriel aparece en en pantalla, a eso sumarle Hulk en mi caso, es ya una torcida de brazo cinematográfica. La disfrutamos con el joven Achu, y ahora, a esperar, creo, al fin, la guerra por las gemas del infinito.	3
One word: FUN. For a movie about the end of days, the characters themselves do not take ragnarok or themselves seriously. Lots of self-deprecating humor and colorful visuals enhance the fun, which is always light but nonetheless exciting.	5
Awesome, very funny and entertaining.	5
Best comedy of the year!!!	4
O problema com Thor Ragnarok foi roubar Immigrant Song do meu querido Escola de Rock, isso não se faz.	5
I have a good laugh! Thor movie really lighten my day!	5
Hands down the best Thor movie and one of the most enjoyable experience in the Marvel universe.	5
Don't be fooled with all the hype surrounding this movie. It is a comedy. Characterisation had been lost as almost every character acts like Deadpool. It is way over the top with humour and prioritises that over everything else. The Ragnarok comic arc is one of the best ever made. Sadly, the film is lazy, relying on slapstick humour, cameos and one-liners to fool you into thinking it's good. It isn't.	1
I just came back from seeing it and this movie is awesome man.1) the action scenes were top notch in this movie. Thor has never been this epic in the MCU. He does some pretty epic sh*t in this movie and he is definitely not nerfed anymore. Thor in unleashed in this, I love that.2) Marvel did a damn good job in hiding some spoilers in the trailers.3) design-wise, the movie is totally beautiful. not a single bad effect in the movie. even the scene that changed from city to field looks better on the actual big screen.4) the freaking soundtrack. absolutely perfect. Immigrant Song FTW.5) Hela is totally badass too. powerful, commanding, with just the right amount of scenery-chewing. hell, a lot of characters are so delightfully over-the-top in this.6) great supporting cast too. Valkyrie owns everything the moment she enters the movie. even Surtur was pretty darn hardcore. and Korg is freaking hysterical. Man I loved Korg!7) the movie's got a lot of humor. that may be a problem to some.....but, when it's time to take things seriously, the movie does exactly that. specially towards the spectacular third act, when real sh*t is going down, the humor dials back a ton. It is only during the Sakaar portions of the movie where most of the humour is, not without several moments of sincere character interaction of course.8) I thought what they did with the "Ragnarok" part was kind of genius. this may not be the Winter Soldier of Phase 3 they told us, but it does make some significant changes to the overall MCU, or at least, the Thor section of the MCU.9) The pacing of the movie was perfect. Plus there wasn't a single scene in which I felt bored.Overall this was one of Marvel's best films for me. It would definitely be in my top 5 marvel movies along with civil war, winter soldier, gotg and iron man 1. I'll probably rank it at 2nd or 3rd!!!	5
O problema com Thor Ragnarok foi roubar Immigrant Song do meu querido Escola de Rock, isso não se faz.	5
I have a good laugh! Thor movie really lighten my day!	5
Hands down the best Thor movie and one of the most enjoyable experience in the Marvel universe.	5
Don't be fooled with all the hype surrounding this movie. It is a comedy. Characterisation had been lost as almost every character acts like Deadpool. It is way over the top with humour and prioritises that over everything else. The Ragnarok comic arc is one of the best ever made. Sadly, the film is lazy, relying on slapstick humour, cameos and one-liners to fool you into thinking it's good. It isn't.	1
I just came back from seeing it and this movie is awesome man.1) the action scenes were top notch in this movie. Thor has never been this epic in the MCU. He does some pretty epic sh*t in this movie and he is definitely not nerfed anymore. Thor in unleashed in this, I love that.2) Marvel did a damn good job in hiding some spoilers in the trailers.3) design-wise, the movie is totally beautiful. not a single bad effect in the movie. even the scene that changed from city to field looks better on the actual big screen.4) the freaking soundtrack. absolutely perfect. Immigrant Song FTW.5) Hela is totally badass too. powerful, commanding, with just the right amount of scenery-chewing. hell, a lot of characters are so delightfully over-the-top in this.6) great supporting cast too. Valkyrie owns everything the moment she enters the movie. even Surtur was pretty darn hardcore. and Korg is freaking hysterical. Man I loved Korg!7) the movie's got a lot of humor. that may be a problem to some.....but, when it's time to take things seriously, the movie does exactly that. specially towards the spectacular third act, when real sh*t is going down, the humor dials back a ton. It is only during the Sakaar portions of the movie where most of the humour is, not without several moments of sincere character interaction of course.8) I thought what they did with the "Ragnarok" part was kind of genius. this may not be the Winter Soldier of Phase 3 they told us, but it does make some significant changes to the overall MCU, or at least, the Thor section of the MCU.9) The pacing of the movie was perfect. Plus there wasn't a single scene in which I felt bored.Overall this was one of Marvel's best films for me. It would definitely be in my top 5 marvel movies along with civil war, winter soldier, gotg and iron man 1. I'll probably rank it at 2nd or 3rd!!!	5
Easily the best Thor movie (for whatever that?s worth), but also one of the better MCU movies. The music and visuals are excellent. The comedy lands much more than it misses. While the humor might be a bit overused it is definitely evened out by some action scenes that are among the best and most fun in the MCU. The fact that the movie is such a compilation of action, sci-fi, fantasy, and comedy should make it enjoyable for a wide array of viewers.	4
Facilmente o melhor filme do Thor. Muito divertido, apesar do roteiro repetir a historinha da Hela umas trocentas vezes.	4
getting tired of the same plots every single marvel film	3
best marvel film yet	5
Amazing!!! So good, thought I was going to hate it as the trailers looked a bit goofy but the movie is way better than the trailers!! trully awsome.	5
Loved this film so much. Knocked a star off for a couple of things that I personally didn't like. One dislike I cannot say due to spoilers, but also some of the improvised stuff maybe should have actually been scripted for pace.But had some great laugh out loud moments. And it was clear to see the actors were enjoying themselves. Pretty CGI too. Would see again.	4
Brill film really enjoyed it , good special affects, and nice to see so many stars in it , so much happening in the film as well and I thought a good story to it as well as great fight seems , don?t want to say to much more as I don?t want to give to much away for people who haven?t seen it yet	5
Colorful, dynamic, light-hearted and Jeff Goldblum are perfects synonymous to describe the third and final chapter of Thor solo adventure.	3
Thor Ragnarok bloody EPIC I TELL YA they absolutely killed it. It is one of the best movies in the Avengers world period. I love just how much fun they had with this movie it is pure gold. It was absolutely hilarious love the Kiwi accents and characters and I am in love with Tessa Thompson as Valkyrie she kills it. Brilliantly done I want to see it again and again. Plus Chris Hemsworth........GOD DAMN	5
Honestly, nice graphics and a good laugh. Enjoy!	4
Thor: Ragnarok takes a big colourful rainbow piss all over the Marvel cinematic universe. For better or for worse the latest instalment of the Thor franchise turns its world and characters on their heads and spins them around revitalising their very core. The stripping and taking down of the lofty nature of the proud and proper Asgardian landscape of the original comics and the 2011 Branagh original gives way to an almost absurdist take on the God Of Thunder. More or less detached to the larger MCU of Captain America and Iron Man, Thor is given The Guardians Of The Galaxy treatment and is left to play without the constraints of earth at hand. Instead Thor's quest is a more insular one of self preservation of his home world and everything he and his father stand for. The only other person who seems to be as detached from the MCU as Thor is Taika Waititi who seems to have been given a blank cheque and full reign to do whatever he wants with the film. The directors influence, humour and visual style and flair runs rampant throughout Ragnarok. Fans of Waititi's previous films are not to miss out here as Ragnarok contains not only some of the best one liners from any Marvel film but from any Taika Waititi film as well. However, most surprising of all the director's influences upon the film is the picture's politics and how the film has a very clear post-colonial message and can be somewhat viewed through a post-colonial lens. When it comes to performances Chris Hemsworth plays it as loose as he has ever played Thor yet still gives it full whack when it's time for him to be the fighting fit action star the screen deserves. Tom Hiddleston returns as the ever slippery Loki and Mark Ruffalo makes as a brilliant guest starring role as Bruce Banner and the evergreen Incredible Hulk. But man of the match as far as the film is concerned is most certainly the biggest scene stealer in the whole picture: Jeff Goldblum. Jeff Goldblum as The Grand Master is Goldblum at his most campy and playful and easily breaks the Top 5. of Marvel's most memorable antagonists. That's not to say the film doesn't have flaws. Sometimes the film gets a bit messy, it inevitably ends up a CGI fest extravaganza and it's sometimes hard to take the serious stuff seriously when it's surrounded by gag after gag after gag. Thor: Ragnarok however stands as one of the best Marvel movies released, certainly the most idiosyncratic, and is the best film that features the almighty Thor. Filled with some of the best cameos you'll see all year, Thor: Ragnarok is a peach in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. A peach that can only ripen with age and get funnier with each watch. Taika Waititi... You've done what Edgar Wright failed to get done - make a balls to the wall Auteur comedy disguised as superhero blockbuster; well played.	4
Why is it that the best sequels (and this is unquestionably the best Thor sequel) always have to destroy what makes them great? Consequence is what's missing from so many superhero films these days. Just look at the last Thor film: did you ever doubt that nothing of consequence would change? And yes, I know Freya died in it, but that's exactly the point: she was so inconsequential that she only existed to give Loki a bit of motivation. Whereas here, while you never doubt that Thor will prevail (duh) you never know at what cost or who will die along the way. So I understand the conundrum, but it's still aggravating to see them finally give us what we've been screaming for from a Thor film (a plot taking place entirely outside Earth, fantastical quests of a mystical nature, a physical challenge for Thor), only to make it all but impossible to ever do a film of that style again.This is a film that knows how to give the audience what it wants. What's impressive about that is how often what they give us is something we didn't realize that we wanted in the first place. Thor in Planet Hulk? Sure. A comic relief rock monster revolutionary? Why not. Jeff Goldblum as a despotic yet vaguely detached madman? Hell yeah! When these scenes make their payoffs it's a genuine thrill. What's really impressive though, is the character moments we were so frequently lacking in the overblown pseudo-medieval setting. Odin gets a farewell that's genuinely emotional for a character with such inconsistent characterization. Thor actually matures in a believable and well-earned way while still being the fun-loving goofball we all enjoy. Loki betrays just about everyone yet still manages to feel believably sympathetic. He's also become full-blown antihero at this point. Which is good cause he's just wasted as a mustache-twirling villain. Hulk AND Banner get to unveil their insecurities and mistrust of the other. Our new Valkyrie gets to overcome her drinking problem and desire to hide from her past. And of course, Hela gets some of the best moments of any Marvel villain as she proves easily a match for Thor and all of Asgard. Heck, even generic Karl Urban villain #21 gets his moment in the sun.And of course, the key thing about the film is that it's fun. And funny. Every few minutes features a new bombastic misfire, starting with Thor's poorly timed one-liner and inability to keep still (he's chained to the ceiling) when talking to a demon god of fire. Thor and Hulk make a great oddball comedy duo, as does Thor and Dr. Strange, Thor and Loki, Thor and Bruce, Thor and rock monster, and Thor and Valkyrie. Err, they have a lot of good pair-ups is what I'm saying. The world is as colorful and chaotic as Guardians of the Galaxy, and the tone of irreverence is there too. But unlike Guardians, Thor is always at the center of events and the theme is not one of learning to trust people but of taking responsibility. It also, insanely, takes itself less seriously than GotG. The emotional journey is real, but at moments of great loss and pain people are able to crack jokes and not have it feel a tonal nightmare.	5
Can't say this was a bad movie, but it really lost the sense of the previous films and replaced it with stupid forced humor. It broke the emotional connection with the characters. I did love the storytelling, epic moments and the progress of the plot but it was overshadowed by total lack of any serious scene that wasn't destroyed by an unnecesary and embarrassing joke. It's clearly visible that the actors could do much better without it, and I felt sorry for them for being forced to degrade the otherwise marvelous character they embodied. I did not enjoy this movie but i still can't say that it was a bad one, because it's a great ''Disney-like'' funny movie for the whole family.	2
Absolutely stunning movie. Best Marvel movie of all time. Funny, action packed and full of Led! Having watched Planet Hulk I really liked the inclusion of Meek et al.	5
This misguided movie is one hell of a wasted opportunity, but come on guys, if you make Cate Blanchett look (and act) like an evil cross between Cher and Nina Hagen with antlers for a crown, I wanna see more of her. MUCH, MUCH MORE. (And of Jeff Goldblum of course. Oh, yes, and Loki please, cos he's like a million times sexier than Thor will ever be. Ever.)	3
I don't think I've ever laughed so hard in a theatre. The cinema was packed and the vibe was electric. It was so great listening to the reactions of the young boys sitting behind me. I would absolutely recommend this film for the joyride experience, one which also manages to hit certain emotional beats at the same time.	5
A Blaze of Colourful Mediocrity	3
This movie is overrated and same old thing Marvel has been doing for the last 10 years. No change there. It's getting old and boring. How much is Marvel paying those critics giving them 4.5 to 5 stars every time? It's pretty obvious that they do when a lot of those movies are really junk or fillers for the Avengers movies.	1
Fun and so entertaining! Just perfect.	4
Marvel's last great movie was the Avengers (first one). After that, it has been the same stuff, same format and same non-exciting ending. Yeah it's funny with action, but it's the same thing over and over again. From Ironman, Thor to the last Avengers movie which was the worse one BTW. Marvel needs to change it up. 10 plus years of the same thing is not really a must see anymore.	1
Tired of Marvel and DC and I loved the comics, the critics are obviously going to shit out amazing reviews for this, just like every other super hero film. I saw this last night and it felt so tired and cartoonish, lame jokes and pretty bad and obvious CGI, at this point I feel like critics are being paid off because a 95% is a ridiculous review for this movie.	2
A film that completely escapes from the formula and delivers not only the best film in which thor has appeared (counting with two avengers), but also gives a new breath to the genre of superhero movies. Chris Hemsworth finally becomes the god of thunder he should be, hulk and valkyrie steal the scene, Loki continues with all his charm and Cate Blanchett's Hela blends sensuality and brutality into each of his scenes. Thor: Ragnarok is a marvel film, but above all it is a Taika Waitti movie.	5
Es entretenida y hace reír bastante pero abusa del chiste flojo y al final ya no es acorde con los super héroes que conocemos, trivializar tanto a Thor y a Hulk los deja como un par de pendejos. Parece que quieren utilizar la misma receta de Deadpool para todo Marvel y no funciona.	3
These marvel movies are getting more cartoonish!!!!!	1
You could never look away from the magnificent fighting scenes	4
Thought I was watching Guardians of the Galaxy. Mark Ruffalo is a real hoot. And Jeff Goldblum deserves an MCU movie all his own. It's a party!	4
A bit like watching Flash Gordon back in the day! So cheesy! But really really good and extremely funny!	4
Colourful, visually impressive, action-packed, and hilarious from start to finish, Thor: Ragnarok sets the standard for entries to the Marvel Cinematic universe.	5
It will not fail you.	5
I cannot understand how Kevin Feige allowed Waititi to direct Ragnarok, a fundamental film for the MCU storyline.The cast is perfect, but there is too much 'funny' moments. Ragnarok had to be a drama story, the prelude to Infinity War, not a comedy. A bad comedy. I regret for the actors, that have been exceptional. But I don't wanna see anymore a movie with this 'tone'.	2
A direct follow up to what Thor has seen during the event of Age of Ultron 2 years ago, it serves as a bridge to reunite those not in Civil War towards upcoming Infinity War with a similar approach that still connects with general audiences and distinguishes itself from DC's dark tone but its inconsistencies may upset those hardcore fans. The latest follow up to the family affair of God of Thunder and the prophecy should have weighted in a bit of seriousness on the lost of the main character about to face but the same comedic formula has been overly applied until it overshadows the emotional engagement throughout the entire film. Stunning visual effects are extremely colorful while retro style musics effectively enhances the fun and excitement of Thor's party but somewhat similar to Guardians of the Galaxy. Both Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston still deliver great chemistry as their respective roles but Mark Ruffalo as the childish Hulk is the one that steals the attention while the villainous role of Hela portrayed by Cate Blanchett seems a bit neglected, underdeveloped and unconvincing. The event revolves on Ragnarok might seems structured just in brief but the film is still overall entertaining enough to compensate Thor's dignity from his previous disappointing installment - The Dark World.	3
Best movie of thor series of all time	5
Tired of Marvel and DC and I loved the comics, the critics are obviously going to shit out amazing reviews for this, just like every other super hero film. I saw this last night and it felt so tired and cartoonish, lame jokes and pretty bad and obvious CGI, at this point I feel like critics are being paid off because a 95% is a ridiculous review for this movie.	2
A film that completely escapes from the formula and delivers not only the best film in which thor has appeared (counting with two avengers), but also gives a new breath to the genre of superhero movies. Chris Hemsworth finally becomes the god of thunder he should be, hulk and valkyrie steal the scene, Loki continues with all his charm and Cate Blanchett's Hela blends sensuality and brutality into each of his scenes. Thor: Ragnarok is a marvel film, but above all it is a Taika Waitti movie.	5
Es entretenida y hace reír bastante pero abusa del chiste flojo y al final ya no es acorde con los super héroes que conocemos, trivializar tanto a Thor y a Hulk los deja como un par de pendejos. Parece que quieren utilizar la misma receta de Deadpool para todo Marvel y no funciona.	3
These marvel movies are getting more cartoonish!!!!!	1
You could never look away from the magnificent fighting scenes	4
Thought I was watching Guardians of the Galaxy. Mark Ruffalo is a real hoot. And Jeff Goldblum deserves an MCU movie all his own. It's a party!	4
A bit like watching Flash Gordon back in the day! So cheesy! But really really good and extremely funny!	4
Colourful, visually impressive, action-packed, and hilarious from start to finish, Thor: Ragnarok sets the standard for entries to the Marvel Cinematic universe.	5
It will not fail you.	5
I cannot understand how Kevin Feige allowed Waititi to direct Ragnarok, a fundamental film for the MCU storyline.The cast is perfect, but there is too much 'funny' moments. Ragnarok had to be a drama story, the prelude to Infinity War, not a comedy. A bad comedy. I regret for the actors, that have been exceptional. But I don't wanna see anymore a movie with this 'tone'.	2
A direct follow up to what Thor has seen during the event of Age of Ultron 2 years ago, it serves as a bridge to reunite those not in Civil War towards upcoming Infinity War with a similar approach that still connects with general audiences and distinguishes itself from DC's dark tone but its inconsistencies may upset those hardcore fans. The latest follow up to the family affair of God of Thunder and the prophecy should have weighted in a bit of seriousness on the lost of the main character about to face but the same comedic formula has been overly applied until it overshadows the emotional engagement throughout the entire film. Stunning visual effects are extremely colorful while retro style musics effectively enhances the fun and excitement of Thor's party but somewhat similar to Guardians of the Galaxy. Both Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston still deliver great chemistry as their respective roles but Mark Ruffalo as the childish Hulk is the one that steals the attention while the villainous role of Hela portrayed by Cate Blanchett seems a bit neglected, underdeveloped and unconvincing. The event revolves on Ragnarok might seems structured just in brief but the film is still overall entertaining enough to compensate Thor's dignity from his previous disappointing installment - The Dark World.	3
Best movie of thor series of all time	5
This is a good film. Definitely the peak of what the MCU can do, unfortunately, the humour is sometimes cringeworthy, and the action is somewhat boring. But besides that, the music fits quite well (I even got some GOTG feels) and the acting is on point. And as always with the MCU, stay till after the credits....	4
The best Marvel film in a long time!	5
Funny, entertaining, but this movie has lost its essence, especially when Thor and Hulk are out of charcters	3
Never a dull moment. Would see it again. I was not expecting the movie to be that entertaining!	5
Cômico e ao mesmo tempo épico!Thor Ragnarok foge da mesmice dos filmes anteriores, um ar mais descontraído, sem se desprender do elemento principal do filme, que é a ação. Um dos três melhores filmes do universo Marvel, até agora.	5
Watching the trailers, I was afraid they made it too funny at the expense of the storyline, but yet again I was impressed how they managed to balance humor, action and drama in a perfectly played and directed movie, thumbs up!	5
Great movie, doesn't take itself too seriously and is very funny.	4
Great movie! Saw it on it's first showing day here in the Philippines, no boring moments, full of action and lots of twists that doesn't hurt the series at all! It deserves the high ratings it gets!	5
Thor 3 takes a different direction from its previous instalments being more exsplosice higher stakes than ever before it picks up where thor left off and he's been flying around space for sometime looking for infinity stones in between the cast is outstanding especially cate blanchett as the all mighty hella who beats the shit out of a load of asguardians and even deystroys Thor's hammer as loki says a peace of glass the film follows thor on his Journey to find his dad and save asguard and he makes a few friends along the way some new some not so new the action is thrilling special effects mind blowing all in all one of the MCU finest films to date may have to reorganise my list definitly recomend	4
As if the MCU couldn't impress me more than enough, in the case of 'Thor: Ragnarok' however, this has probably been the most 'Fun, Fun, Fun' and downright enjoyably hilarious experience I've ever had with a Marvel film to date. This film's determination to embrace the ridiculous and outrageous side of Norse Mythology and the Marvel comics in general make this an experience worth seeing on the big screen. Hindered by the likes of the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' films to go into the cosmic and magical realms of the overall universe, it's only by it's added humour and wit to it's expansive blockbuster-like-plot that gave the film a great heft in it's entertainment value (something the previous solo-Thor films could've used). I can't complain about the colourful this film has assembled as they are exceptional as they're having fun in their role just as much as the audience is engaged in it's all manner of excitement. Even if Kiwi Filmmaker/Actor; Taika Waititi was such an uncanny fit for directing a film such as this, he really knocked it out of the park with this film, I can't imagine what else this film would've been if he hadn't directed it (only a completely different product). I can't recommend this film more highly enough, as not only as it's the best 'Thor' film, its quite possibly one of the best MCU films ever made. Be prepared to face the wild, funny and outright fun ride that is this film.	4
Thor* only here for the jokes (version)	2
The best MCU movie to date. It balances humour with drama, and tells a captivating story at the same time as setting up future Marvel projects. And, if viewed without the rest of the MCU behind it, it makes for a well rounded movie clearly made by some of the best talent in the film industry today.	5
This movie is a lot of silly comedy. Efective in some ways, and in others it's just too much. Entertaining, funny, but very standard.	2
The movie was good and funny. CGI and graphic effect was great. But the plot in the movie,moderate. The final battle was not so great. Just okay. Overall the movie was okay. But no wow factor.	3
good all round movie. funny/ auction	5
if you are watching it as a comic fan, you will be disappointed as it does not follow any MCU timeline whatsoever. Still, its a refreshing take on Thor and there is jokes aplenty thru out the movie. Not the best MCU movie though...	4
A few funny moments, bu that's all.	3
The critics are eating shit. Alot of unecessary jokes, The visuals are ok, shitty cinematography... WTF MARVEL?	2
What a blast! The movie was extremely exciting and all around a great time. The movie is colorful and full of life with all the environments and locations. The action set pieces are some of the best in Marvel movies to date and sets a new standard for Marvel movies. The acting was super as always and chemistry with everyone involved. The movie was one of the funniest marvel movies and they just know how to keep making us laugh with over the top comedic scenes. One of the best marvel films to date! 90/100	4
Muy buena un humor diferente a lo que estabamos acostumbrados.	5
If this movie was a person, I would throw my wallet at it and scream " take my money, all the money" and scream like a teenager at a Bieber concert. Its just pure joy.	5
Thor; Ragnarok saved the very best for the last of the previous films, thanks to some witty humor and direction which borrows influence to the classic Sci-Fi and Fantasy films of the last two decades.	3
Quite possibly the most entertaining romp in the Marvel Cinematic Universe to date. Impressive that low-key (no pun intended) character comedy co-exists with the usual bombastic action with added flash. Of course, getting there evidently required significant character retcons, and turning a largely ineffective faux-Shakespearean sub-franchise into a second Guardians of the Galaxy, so it's not an unmitigated success.	4
Best marvel film by far. Gripping, funny, and at no point was I ready for it to end. Fantastic film!	5
Best Marvel movie yet!	5
Seeing it in IMAX it's just an amazing show	5
Pure epic. It's an 80's epic fantasy brought to life. RAGNAROK is gorgeous and epic.	5
Best superhero movie of the year hands down. All others bow down to the Mighty God of Thunder!	5
Fucking Amazing Watch it twice	5
A great change in tone for the series. One of the best offerings so far.	4
Easily the best Thor movie ever, and would be among my top 3 MCU films. Great to see Taika adding his touch to such a blockbuster. Action & humour blended seamlessly, and good character development. Definite winner.	4
Went to see with an early release crowd on my navy air station and had a blast. It was funnier than previous Marvel releases and enough plot to keep you thinking. Great of Disney/Marvel to offer to military the week prior and every seat was taken with happy servicemen and families.	4
Best Thor movie yet!	4
YAWNAnother generic marvel movieGood comedy But same boring formula	3
With good humour and fun action set pieces it's a solid edition into the MCU.	4
Cate Blanchett, an actress so wonderful to be so misused	4
An unpretentious film (in the sense of not wanting to be bigger than it really is), extremely entertaining and with good action scenes, besides being my favorite comic book character from childhood. Highly recommend!	5
Mi opinión personal es que está cargada de mucho humor innecesario y que si tuviera la seriedad que debería tener fuera una película muy buena	3
It's a good movie, although sometimes it feels slow, specially at the beginning. The jokes feel forced several times, but it's the kind of movies, that you will enjoy more theaters, than at home.	4
Thor: Ragnarok is the most enjoyable super hero movie.	5
THE BOLDEST MCU'S MOVIE OF ALL TIME.	5
There was a good storyline there but it was wasted with all the carry on. Yes there were funny jokes but it wasn't clever funny, there was way too much of it (particularly at the start) and by the end I'd had more than enough.And somewhat ironically even though it was funny and would therefore be appealing to kids it was the least appropriate of the the Thor movies for kids as it was excessively violent. The machine guns from Texas were in particularly poor taste.If I'm honest I thought it was a bit stupid, but maybe that's what the mainstream Marvel audience want??	2
BEST MARVEL MOVIE EVER!	5
Marvel & Disney are on a roll. Really good story and some excellent funny lines. The franchise just keeps going from strength to Strength. Cameo appearance from Stan Lee, two tittle scenes ( on before the crawl and the other at the end). Wow .. this is really great. More please ...	4
Amazing , Funny and so much action !!!	4
Another brilliant addition to the Marvel cinematic Universe!	5
Bom divertimento de tarde. Nada memoravel. Muita comédia para um filme que não se classifica como tal. A marvel devia assumir logo que faz filmes de comédia e pronto. A cada piada desnecessária (e são várias) o especatador vai ficando mais cansando e a vilã vai perdendo a força.	3
It looks like one of the best movies yet and seeing all the comments of people rating it, i don't think old people should be rating new movies , it's not going to be always what they want and their comments just ruins our perspective and our desire in watching it. Let the rating be only for true Marvel Fans and geeks.	5
Certainly the most enjoyable Thor film, it brings together great chemistry between the main characters, further natural connections to the rest of the MCU, and fight scenes that do not disappoint!	5
Well dang this is Marvel's best.	5
5 STAR SUPERHERO FLIK, Y'ALL.	5
Best Marvel film yet, fantastic all round	5
very funny movie one of the best of marvel	5
Fun fun and looks amazing	5
Thor RAGNAROK is easily one of Marvel's best films yet, definitely the best Thor movie out of the three but the beginning of the film went a little slow and the ending went a little too fast, but this film was too good, I really don't worry about those things, the director did a really great job at finishing the franchise, comedic and Acton packed scenes and developing characters. Marvel has done it again.	5
MATT EFFING DAMON!! 9/10	5
Marvel's Game Of Thrones AM I Right hahaha	4
Good, funny and enjoyable movie.	4
Awesome movie I really enjoyed it.	3
Guardian of the Galaxy Thor version. This is so funny and so un-Thor style, but I like it.	4
Thor: RagnarokMarvel space adventure at its best, Thor: Ragnarok never stop to take a break from being captivating and amusing	4
Just saw it last night and it was great! The funniest of all the Thor, captain america, Ironman, avengers movies. (Up there with the first guardians of the galaxy movie.) I saw it in Spanish as I live in Spain. Some movies, especially comedies, don't translate well but this one was awesome. Can't wait to see it in its original version! Definitely worth seeing.	4
My Ten word movie review verdict: Taika takes the thundering Thor to terrific, thrilling tour-de-force...Thorsome!	3
This movie is worth every cent of my ticket! For me at least, it has surpassed the other 2 Thor films. Funny and not too gory. Hemsworth & Hiddleston's comedic timing are just perfect!	5
Excellent film. I've seen it twice now and highly recommend it's blend of action an humour.	5
It's colourful, it's exciting and it's really funny. It was really great to watch and an entertaining movie.Cate Blanchett as Hela was fantastic - but won't be remembered well I feel. Jeff Goldblum was also really good and enjoyableSome negatives though I would say is the drastic change in tone from not only other Marvel movies (bar Guardians of the Galaxy) but also the other Thor movies - which took a more serious tone. Not every movie can be this comedy show (although I think it was a nice change) but should be a once off thing imo, especially since we are entering Infinity Wars and it should be more dramatic.Another negative is the fact that they completely threw away character development and lore from about 4 movies - I'm speaking especially for Loki who just 'turns good' and all his anger and hatred towards his brother etc seems to disappear in one scene - why build that arc up just to throw it away in the end?Overall it was a nice change and money well spent on the ticket.	3
Great fun had a real blast with it	3
Amazing adventure packed with action and humour. Pure entertainment with amazing visuals. Saw it last night and can't wait to see it again.	5
Great, the best Thor movie I've ever seen, I'll watch it again to enjoy it.	5
Marvels one of the best	5
Exciting and action packed with some really funny scenes! Thor Ragnarok is a must see adventure!	5
As it turns out, Ragnarok is an exciting and exhilarating ride. The A-List cast and impacably crafted visuals, are held together by solid screenwriting and witty humor. ˠThor: Ragnarok; is probably one of the best MCU movies to date.	5
Great, funny film. I'm not sure how much of this comedy I could take before I'm sick of it though. The new wacky setting was refreshing to see, but I'm not sure why they put so much build-up ad mystery around a part of the film that was advertised in the trailer and on the movie poster, as if it wasn't painfully obvious.	4
excellent funny and great characters	5
Good film but was expecting less comic relief although good in some parts it was over the top and unnecessary. It played down the seriousness that Asgard was being taken over by Hela. Hoping the next installment isn't comic centric.	3
A bold, colourful and funny new direction for the Marvel cinematic universe to go in but it works. And if you can find a more adrenaline pumping riff than Led Zeppelin?s ?Immigrant Song? I?ll eat my hat!!	5
An excellent addition to the MCU but wish it had more monsters as in the real events of Ragnarok. A great movie!	5
Love the unexpected jokes with cool action balance xD.	5
The thing about the Thor films is that they have always taken themselves seriously, too seriously. In Ragnarok they attempt to rectify this with comedy, but they have gone too far the other way. Instead of witty lines and comedic timing, the film is peppered with improv which makes it look as though it's trying too hard to be funny. That kind of stuff works in Guardians and Ant-Man. It is good fun, but doesn't live up to the hype. It reaches the par standard of Marvel films	3
I would place this in my top 5 Marvel movies along with: Guardians Of The Galaxy, Ant Man, Captain America: Winter Soldier and Captain America: Civil War. In my opinion it's not the best superhero movie that has ever been made, that distinction belongs to The Dark Knight, but this is definitely the most fun. I love the infusion of kiwi humor and I think Korg, voiced by Taika stole the show. In comparison to Guardians Of The Galaxy 2 which comes off as almost a straight comedy, this film remains serious, but adds comedy to eliminate cliche'd moments. I also like how Hela doesn't seem out of place, allot of the time with light hearted movies when you use a darker, sadistic villain they feel like they are operating in an entirely different film. A recent example would be how the villain in the Hitman's Bodyguard did not match the rest of that movie and yet here Hela works quite well.The pacing was brilliant and the story hit all of it's necessary beats so at no stage was I ever bored. I did not see the the deux ex machina ending coming and normally I think I would feel cheated. After all even though it was Thor's plan to bring about Ragnarok by raising Surtur, he didn't really save the day. The only reason why I am willing to accept the deux ex machina is because it left Thor worse off. Sure Hela is defeated but now the very thing he has been trying to prevent has happened because of him and thus his home has been destroyed. The only other time a deux ex machina did that to my knowledge was in District 9, though then it wasn't used to defeat the big bad. That said of course Indiana Jones used it when the ark was open in the climax of that film, but that was never his plan to have the ghosts kill everyone.	4
Masterclass in how to transform a boring, predictable and expensive sequel/franchise, and turn it into real art, serious entertainment, and humour.	5
It was flipping fantastic! In fact, I watched it twice this (opening) week and am still mesmerised by it ?? The cast really threw me over when they showed on screen that they rightfully owned their characters with their respective character development, and I could literally feel myself rooting for *ahem, ahem* Team Revengers and the rest of the cast ( except for Hela and Surtur like duh ??) . Taika Waititi has wonderfully refurbished what we have known about the Thor franchise and turned it into a really enjoyable ride in this one. I like how he's also added more comedy into this as well. Plus, most of the potholes are (kinda) filled up in this one so that's great as well. Anyway, it was fabulous and easily knocked out its previous contenders in the best Marvel movie category in the Marvel fandom( aka Winter Soldier and Civil War) . Mostly left the cinema hall as a satisfied person	4
Oh Dear, what have Marvel done? Slapstick and Fifth Element sets, ham acting and scenes set up just to deliver smart-arse one-liners. Thor is (in this comic universe) the God of Thunder not a second rate stand up artist: this was a spoof of Thor.Reducing Thor to a wisecrackong buffoon undermines the epic/heroic nature of who he is and where he comes from; a universe that has its own rules. The comedy we've previouisly seen comes primarily from the somewhat pompous sense of entitlement of a God amongst modern day mortals a subtle lampoon and dig at the so called priviledged sections of our society. But the humour has been dramatic releief; we as the observers see the comedic aspects of situations, the charaters do not and that's part of the fun! Sadly in my view, this film misses the import of Thor and focusses instead on cheap laughs and fun. Waititi has handed DC a real chance to make up the gap. Oh, and Hela was the daughter of Loki not Odin.	1
I'm open to change I really am and there has been examples of it in the mcu good and bad.Its was the fact it was two big weighty story that were mushed together for no reason, given no 0% actually seriousness even from the tone set in ultron there was three of us in the cinema 2 new the stories all 3 without conferring thought it was so poor ?? it was just a gag real nothing more.	1
Being the 17th instalment into the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), and the third in the solo-Thor series-generally the least liked within the MCU-it wouldn't be surprising if this cosmic adventure showed signs of repetition and fatigue. It doesn't, not one bit. The opposite is true in fact, thanks to the unique energy and ingenuity brought from New Zealand director Taika Waititi (Hunt for the Wilderpeople, What We Do in the Shadows). Waititi's comedy background is noticeably in full swing, the previously darker Thor outings traded in for a laugh-heavy vibe closer to Guardians of the Galaxy - the movie Ragnarok shares top spot with, as the MCU's funniest film. A throwaway gag about scissors from a side character made of rock (mo-capped and viced by the director himself) is pure Waititi, and the franchise's best one-liner since Chris Pratt's Starlord appreciated the artwork of Jackson Pollock. Of course a big budget means big action, and there's plenty here to thrill and delight: a tone-setting smack down of a fiery underworld demigod, a bruising gladiatorial contest between Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), an exhilarating spaceship chase, and the breathtakingly electric finale. This threequel is visually distinct too, Waititi opting for a grungy-disco 80s atmosphere over the more theatrical opulence of the first two Thor flicks. His use of slow-mo, backed to Led Zeppelin's 'Immigrant Song', for two key moments, is simply brilliant. Supporting Hemsworth, who has never been better as the macho God of Thunder, is Tom Hiddleston as fan favourite bad-good guy Loki, Cate Blanchett as the sneering God of Death Hela, Tessa Thompson as the cocky warrior Valkyrie and Jeff Goldblum as the eccentric Grandmaster, plus a raft of awesome cameos. A few minor nit picks: Idris Elba seems bored as the returning Heimdall, two previous major supporting characters (both females) are conspicuously absent, a talking Hulk doesn't quite work, and the narrative-retcon work could've been more subtle. But when a movie is this damn entertaining, a few quibbles are easily forgiven. Comfortably taking its place in the top echelon of MCU films, Thor: Ragnarok is hilarious, invigorating and popcorn-blockbustering of the highest order.	4
One of the most entertaining entries in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.	4
Pretty good but sacrifices a bit of authenticity for the gags.	3
9/10 best Thor movie. By favorite superhero movie of 2017.	4
9/10 very funny and entertaining	4
Best Marvel movie so far!! Still Hela not convinced me as real bad villain thats only bad thing to say about this movie	4
Less epic more humor, God of thunder right	3
brilliant movie it was very funny	4
A brilliant film. The best marvel movie by far. I especially liked Korg he was really funny.	4
Excelent!!!, At first I thought that it was too much comedy, but at the end, I think it worked perfectly.	5
"We come from the land of the ice and snow,From the midnight sun, where the hot springs flow, The hammer of the gods, W'ell drive our ships to new lands, To fight the horde, and sing and cry, Valhalla, I am coming!" Sitting in the theater watching it thinking to myself at one point.... this is like that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles in Space story line playing before my eyes.... then at one point it was THIS IS THAT TMNT IN SPACE STORY LINE! Doesn't matter cause this was so good across the board!Thor (Chris Hemsworth)is still searching for his father and the Infinity Stones, where upon his return to Asgard he discovers that his brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston) is still alive from the previous film. They team up to find their father Odin (Anthony Hopkins) Ruler of Asguard, but upon finding him an evil threat comes IN to play, Hela Goddess of Death (Cate Blanchett) swiftly taking out Thor and Loki she begins an evil rain and threatens to destroy Asguard. Meanwhile Thor ends up on foreign planet ruled by The Grandmaster (Jeff Goldblum) and is forced to compete in a Battle to the death Gladiator match for his freedom with his champion...which just happens to be the Hulk AKA Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo). Such a dark story line but is out shadowed by the comedy in this film which can be a shame but it is done in a way where you enjoy it to much to care. Has you laughing from start to finish. Cast is fantastic! The Director Taika Waitti, does the voice of this rock being character Krog and hearing a New Zealand accent come out of this guy is really funny and in a way such miss match that it works so well! I don't mean cause he is New Zealand, I mean his voice sounds and characteristics don't match what you think would be an aggressive being he is the complete opposite. Jeff Goldblum. I love Jeff Goldblum! Everything he does is so quirky and witted that you just can't help but smile at what he does. He plays an egotistic psychopath but at the same time has no idea at all. which probably wouldn't work for anyone else but he does it well. The Music is like The Terminator movies. Got this real early 80's vibe to it which I love. and yes Led Zeplins Imigrident Song is in there and when it comes your not expecting it! Awesome. Now you wouldn't see this without seeing the other two first hand to get an idea for the characters, and you probably need to have seen all the others to know exactly what is going on. Otherwise why are you there?4/5 From me. NO Infinity War Stuff which really starting to piss me off now. But you get an awesome film out it! GO AND SEE!!	4
Thor: Ragnarok - Review (2017)The GoodChris Hemsworth's Performance as Thor - Chris Hemsworth has been hiding some wonderfully honed comedy chops under that Asgardian beard secretly. He was already leaning into a comedic role in his Avengers appearances (mostly because of the culture clash element of his story) and he's taken fully off the leash here to brilliant effect.His timing - from the very first scene - is precise and can be devastatingly effective, and he's obviously benefited massively from working with Waititi. It's not an entirely frivolous comedy performance either, though, as Thor goes on a well-defined evolutionary arc - similar to a war-time rebel leader, basically - as we finally get an answer to what it means to be worthy. And none of the laughs distract from that.Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner / Hulk is brilliant too, Tom Hiddleston as Loki is his usual self (with a little more fun thrown in), Cate Blanchett as Hela is an irresistible marvel and Taika Waititi as Korg is a scene-stealer. And of course, Jeff Goldblum as The Grandmaster is on great form, as you'd expect. Tessa Thompson is amazing as ValkyrieThe Visual Effects and the Sound are amazing - Thor: Ragnarok is stunningly stylish. It is both futuristic and nostalgic, taking in elements of Star Wars, classic Star Trek, Blade Runner and John Carter Of Mars.It's colourful even beyond the usual MCU palette, with delightfully weird costume and set designs that should earn it lots of awards attention for the art department and it swaggers with a charm not usually seen in high-concept sci-fi (which is what it flirts with being a lot of the time).The references to Jack Kirby are so well-phrased that the film feels almost like a living tribute to his work.As I said before Taika Waititi's Korg is FantasticWhile is has nods to other MCU Movies this is a Stand Alone Thor Film that focus on him and the MCU universe later.The Hulk/Banner ConflictThere Are Some Surprises (And It Doesn't Take The Easiest Roads)Cate Blanchett's Hela Is Not Another Throw-Away Villain - She's a Fucking scary badass viallin.Idris Elba is good as Heimdall like he always is Anothiny Hopkins as Odin is good tooDoctor Strange's Great small cameoIts the Funniest Marvel film to date with Taika's fantastic humorThe Amazing Score from Mark MothersbaughGreat Action So many great easter eggs and nods to The Avengers and Age of Ultron and to Taika's other film What We do in the Shadows.The Cameos are fucking insane.The BadThe Warriors Three are wasted which they never been such focus in past 2 Thor Films but they havent been wasted before like this Karb Urban as Skurge - He isn't bad hes actually entertaining, he just doesn't do much Surtur is alright, Hela was a better villainOverall: Taika has finally delivered us a Fantastic Thor film which is one of the best and funniest films of the year.Overall Grade: A	4
A few questionable choices with regards to characters cannot spoil the sheer thunderous fun of this adventure romp that makes you laugh while keeping you on the edge of your seat. As good as the first GOTG movie.	4
Best Thor movie..lots of action and so so funny ??	5
have watched it for twice already w	4
what fun! and this time, we get to know the real hulk/banner and thor.	5
Such an entertaining movie!	5
Great story, good action, no boring, funny. Best Thor out of them as I feel. But they changed the original storyline of Hela, too bad..	5
An alien-filled, spaceship fuelled blast of pure fun. Witty, enjoyable and highly entertaining; Waititi adds a fresh, quirky late 90's spin to this instillation in the MCU, and the cast delivers scathingly amusing one-liners in between saving the world (again).	4
From start to finish, this was an incredible.feast of fun. Personally one of the best Marvel movies which sets the standard for Black Panther and Avengers: Infinity War	5
Best Thor Movie. It's the kind of movie that will make you smile even after the credits roll.	5
Another amazing movie by Marvel Studios, great comedy throughout the film, alongside spectacular action scenes, with high stakes	5
It was awesome i really hope that the critics will motivate Marvel Studios to product WORLD WAR HULK!!!	5
Amazing fun and such a refreshment into the MCU.	4
Funniest Marvel movie ever with amazing action scenes you can actually follow and my favourite character? Korg voices by the impressive director Taika Waititi!	5
Best Marvel movie in ages!	5
plenty good fun, an epic reimagined, and made legendary	4
She didn?t dump me, I dumped her. It was mutual dumping	3
Awesome movie, can't wait to see Infinity War!	5
Best Thor and better than any of the avengers. Only IM3 beats it	4
If you liked the previous Thor films, this is VERY different.	3
The first trailer spoils something the movie spends a lot of time building to - but that's a problem with the trailer, not the movie. I tried to look at it as though I hadn't seen the trailer, and that element actually works really well. Thor: Ragnarok is much funnier than any other MCU movie bar the Guardians ones, and I think it has more laughs per minute than even those - though the style of humour is a bit different. Taika Waititi has made a seemingly effortless transition to gargantuan Hollywood blockbusters, and this one is brilliantly successful as both a part of the MCU and a Taika Waititi film - his fingerprints are all over it.Hemsworth, Hiddleston, Hopkins and Elba are as good as ever. Hela is a typically 2D Marvel villain, and she mostly seems to just repeat the same few phrases over and over again, but The Chett makes her fun and watchable. Goldblum is at his Goldblumiest, and if you like his Goldbluminess, you'll have a blast. Thompson is amazing as Valkyrie, funny, tough and kickass. Waititi is in it a lot more than I was expecting, and he's great. Karl Urban makes a cool pseudo-Cockney goon. Rachel House is good fun. And there are one or two unexpected and super fun cameos in there too (apart from the obligatory Stan Lee appearance).The movie has a very '80s vibe, enhanced by Mark Mothersbaugh's oustanding orchestral-synth score. It's full of vibrant colours (though with a different pallette to Guardians), weird aliens, and some beautiful images that manage to look very comic-booky without looking like they're trying to look comic-booky. If that makes sense.My favourite standalone MCU movie thus far is Captain America: The Winter Soldier, partly because of the feeling of realism it brings to proceedings. Thor: Ragnarok is completely different. It's not realistic at all. It's pure comedic fantasy, full of magic and far-fetched sci-fi stuff. And I like it almost as much. It's just an absolute hoot of a movie, silly escapism of the highest order.Go, Revengers!	5
Fresh, funny, emotive AND full Action	5
It's good. Not amazing, just good.	4
can honestly say that this was great really funny and its the first Thor film that they have really given Thor something too do cate looks like she is having a blast	5
Best Marvel movie I've ever seen. Very entertaining, good script, storyline...it was simply, fun to watch! I expected just another bland CGI festival with no real content but this had so much (smart) humor in it. If you liked previous Marvel movies, you will love this one.	5
Thor: Ragnarok is by far the best Thor film in the MCU to date. The 80s vibe complements the great performances. However, if there is one person who shines the most, its Jeff Goldblum effectively playing himself.	4
Amazing, Funny and great plot! Ragnorok really shows that marvel is at best with these types of movies.	4
Personally I loved the movie. It's pretty much perfect for non mcu fans who just like to see the movie, but for people like me,who are massive fans, were quite disappointed at the lack of an infinity stone, which was promised. Good movie but no stone.	4
Thor: Ragnarok tries way too hard to be funny and falls massively short on previous entries MCU, easily the worst comic book film of this year	2
More like 'Deadpool 2' than a continuation of the existing Thor Franchise. A good movie in the end, but it took me half of it to adjust to the new story 'style'.	4
Like almost everyone else who has seen it, I think 'Thor: Ragnarok' is a damn fun two hours at the movies but I'm gonna have to disagree with everyone calling it the best Thor movie by a mile. I'm part of the rare breed that really loved the original Thor film back in 2011 and I personally think that it still holds the crown for best movie about the God of Thunder.Ragnarok is often really funny but with that humor it sacrifices a lot of oomph. The deaths of certain characters are handled so quickly that we end up feeling nothing at all and the film's climax never really feels all that treacherous even though the fate of universe seems to be at stake.The first 30 minutes or so in particular are shockingly rough and I found myself bracing to really dislike the movie and its misfired jokes, but luckily things get back on track as the movie progresses and ends up being a solid romp with good action scenes and lovable characters. I'd like to start petitioning for a spinoff film about Korg (Taika Waititi) immediately though. He stole the whole movie for me.	3
Best Marvel movie yet	5
realmente una película disparatada en la cuan ni el protagonista sabe bien que hacer, es un cambio auto paródico tanto de Thor, Hulk y Lokiuna especie de ggvol3 donde no terminan de encajar bien los personajes si recordamos sus películas anteriores	2
Funny, exciting, interesting and some fun cameos. At times a little predictable but doesn't ruin it.	5
I did not enjoy the dialogue	1
4.5 This is easily the most fun I've had watching a MCU film for some time. It had the high fantasy aspects of previous films and the irreverent cosmic MCU from GotG. It brought the humour and emotional, hitting both targets better than GotG2.	4
For me, I really enjoy this movie, they never reveal it as a dark and serious movie in the trailer so I don't expect it to be oneBut as a fun movie, they totally went out and this is one of a few movie that I really enjoyIt still has some issue thou with the pacing and twist in the lore which I'm not really fond of but hey, they still manage to made me laugh and have fun, that's awesome4.5/5 from meNow to justice league and black panther	4
Loved every second!!! Really lived up to the hype! Marvel has done it again with a knockout movie!! I would say Thor Ragnarok is the best movie in the MCU to date and will always be in my top five favourite? Marvel films!!! A must see for all Marvel fans!!	5
I just watched my movie of the year. If you think John Wick 2 and Guardian of Galaxy 2 were good, this is an easy win hands down.	5
It's by far the best Movie I've seen	5
Fun but predictable.	3
Funny and amazing, overall one of the best marvel movie	4
Con la decisión de llevar al Dios del trueno a la estética colorinche y el frenesí humoristico de James Gunn en Guardians of the galaxy han sucedido cosas buenas y cosas malas en Thor:Ragnarok: ¿Las buenas? Ésta invitación a ampliar las posibilidades de Thor Odinson a aventuras espaciales, conocer a Hulk en un entorno donde no nos preocupa que aplaste todo y que Loki tenga un digno desarrollo como personaje de acción (siendo uno de los personajes mas redundantes del MCEU después de Nick Fury). Pero las malas están y no se olvidan con la brillantina ni el buen CGI; Uno de los vengadores anda dando tumbos por el universo con tanta mala suerte que consigue ese corte de pelo que vemos en el cartel mas o menos al mismo tiempo que la narrativa de la pelicula pierde toda gravidez y se convierte en la version interdimensional de "Rush Hour". Taika Waititi tiene incluso un gran aporte al hilarante descanso comico, Dr Strange no aporta ni humo y Valkiria por el momento solo se siente como un personaje excelente sobreviviendo al plothole mas cruel del que tenga memoria. Ahora, si, todo esto puede entretener y festejarse a los gritos, por que no mintieron al decir que sería divertido. Pero amigos ¡Hagan actuar a Mark Ruffalo!	3
The Best of the Thor films yet...absolute fun!!!	4
My favourite MCU film so far! It's an action packed thrill ride, full of one liners and great characters. Chris Hemsworth has finally found his place as The God of Thunder and Tessa Thompson and Jeff Goldblum shine. Definitely peak MCU	5
Wait what were the other Thor movies about again? Thor Ragnorok, much in the same way as the first Guardians addition, manages to showcase everything that's right and everything that's wrong with the MCU. Quite distinct in tone, flair and narrative style from other entries, Taika Waititi's entry into the franchise is self-contained, satirical and above all independently entertaining. Arguably the most maligned of MCU's tentpole film's, the Thor film's have suffered from bland writing, an enforced standardised tone and mostly a lack of imagination and wonder. They often seemed filler or 2 hour build ups for other MCU outings. This has been specifically inverted in many ways by Waititi in Ragnorok. Managing to be more self-contained than either Guardians or Spiderman but still have the in-joke gloss of the MCU, viewers really feel that Ragnorok is not just a spin-off or lead-up installment but it's own independent narrative. The characters aren't shoehorned in but seem to have a real history and sense of their own mythos. Of all the beneficiaries of this addition, The titular Thor seems to be the most rewarded as Chris Hemsworth thrives in another breakout performance, proving that this character and trilogy is not just a one-note franchise.	4
To Infinity War we go...	5
Best Marvel film yet! :D	5
While it was an enjoyable film to watch, it definitely had issues with pacing as well as character development. The final plot twist had little to no set up, and the concept of "Ragnarok" was never properly explained. It felt as though the film had been over-ambitious with the amount of characters it took on, leading many character arcs to be unfulfilled. However, it was still comedic and action-packed. It is 100% rewatchable.	3
An excellent film, fun throughout with a great cast - its more of a comedy than a drama but it rattles along at a cracking pace. Not the best marvel film but a very very good one.	5
The best Thor movie so far! So many fun moments and Cate Blanchett is just perfect!	5
Really enjoyed the film!! Was laughing from start to finish! A fantastic addition to the Marvel franchise! Cate Blanchett was a fantastic villain!! Although, if I had to be a little critical, I wish we could've seen more of Hela's wrath against Asgard and a little explanation of how Hulk ended up in Sakaar but above all, a the best Thor film.	4
Absolutely classic, probably my favorite from all the Avengers. Funny right from the get-go all the way through. So well put together. Waititi's touch totally shows through and absolutely made this movie a cant miss and must watch again ASAP!	5
Tries too hard to be funny. Set and weapons props look plastic and cheap ex. Grandmaster's staff. Editing is sub par ex. When characters get pierced with blades the shot cuts from the sword thrower to the character already impaled, which looks awfully cheap. Even the animation during the credits look under developed, coupled with boring music.	1
One of the best movies I have seen. Mighty performances. Incredible Action. Fantastic Humour. Amazing Pacing and an Uncanny Soundtrack. Marvel at their Very Best.	5
Here Marvel doesn't just give another good quality entry in their movie showcase but a entertaining spectacle everyone should enjoy. Every performance is amazing in its own way, with Taika Waititi making full use of his strong cast, whether it be Chris Hemsworth's charm and humour, Cate Blanchett's indulgent villainy or the perfectly placed Jeff Goldblum. The visuals are strong and the story moves along at an even pace with fun action and a hilarious script. The film does a great job of covering a lot of story, answering a lot of the questions we need before infinity war, while giving Thor a great story arc with enough room for all the other new characters.	4
A Thor third movies it's different between thor previous movies. It following the Avengers : Age of ultron but it 2 years later. It's colorful and funny. And i like the soundtrack too Aaaaaa... Aah. Marvel (unsuprisingly) did a good job at this Thor movies.	4
I would understand the appeal of a comedic superhero action movie, but this movie lacked the depth and seriousness that I liked in an action movie. There was not enough drama to make me feel an impact. It was simply a feel good movie with a script bathed in jokes.	2
An eclectic story without a tangible direction, which has jokes that are funny, but also a plethora that are unfunny. If the movies aim wasn't to overload the fans with explosions and CGI, this would get a 50% on rotten tomatoes. Bad writing but good action. light to decent 4	2
amazing!!!!! I am so want to see!!!	5
A Total masterpiece , it is fun and beautiful for all the fans that have been waiting for this movie.	4
Superhero-fantasy-action-comedy. Lots of Easter eggs from past movies! Watchout for cameos. Stay for mid-credits #ThorRagnarok (3.5/5Scales)	3
Well played Taika Waititi... well played. I was unsure how his clever brand of humour would translate in a superhero movie... However I needed not worry. This movie is awesome and your life will be improved by having watched it. Zac Snyder should study this movie carefully before considering sitting in the director's seat again.Simply put... if you didn't enjoy this movie, you're wrong.	5
the best Marvel movie so far...	5
Thor Ragnarok (Movie Review)."This Is A Spoiler-Free Review"....This is probably the funniest and most over-the-top MCU film YET! It was really a fun experience watching this marvelous movie in 3D....The director took risks in making this film, he knew that even though this MCU movie was like a comedy, he knew that people were really going to LOVE it and just laugh their ass off, because this third installment of the "Thor" movies was the best of them...Why? It has everything that you want to see in these characters, especially Hulk...I won't spoil anything, but My Goodness! My friends and I really enjoyed it...When it came to that "Arena Scene"...Hehehe! Okay Imma Shut up Now! :D.The Ending! Oh Boy The Ending, It was spectacular in 3D...Top Notch! I was hyped when I saw that "Thor Will Return In AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR" in the post credits scene.As promised, I won't be anymore analytical or have an in-depth review with this movie...Because this film was made to be just for "FUN", and I completely understand and respect that. .Therefore, I'm going to rate Thor Ragnarok a "9 out of 10" :	4
Easily the funniest Marvel movie to date. Fully enjoyed it, I highly recommend it.	5
just saw Thor Ragnarok on Imax 3D.	4
Taken Guardians of the Galaxy to the next level with the 80's theme. Some great characters, hilarious all of the way through, quite possibly the best Marvel film to date....	5
THOR RAGNAROK is the third movie in Marvel's Thor franchise. And a brand new entry to Marvel Cinematic Universe. A reminder that Marvel movies are fun, colorful and full of humor. Entering the movie fresh is the best way to enjoy every movie. And that's what I did with Thor Ragnarok. I remember seeing its trailer months ago, didn't like it. I thought it was trashy and dull. A lot of people are complaining about Ragnarok, even before it came out. Or before it comes out in some other countries. Why? Because the first two Thor movies are two of Marvel's weakest produced comic-book movies (though I enjoyed the first one). And now, audiences are surprised after seeing outstanding positive first reactions about the movie.I had a hell of a good time with this movie. I didn't think it was gonna be entertaining than I expected. A lot of people are comparing it to Guardians of the Galaxy but if you like Taiki Waititi's humor, you gonna like this movie. And that's what we get after seeing Ragnarok. I found myself laughing so hard the entire time. I don't wanna spoil away the story, but it is probably one of the most original Marvel movies you will ever see. One of the things I like about the movie is that, it doesn't feel like a comic-book movie. I feels like a comedy sci fi movie flick (though superhero movies are considered as sci-fi movies) but it fits to MCU. I found myself asking myself, 'What am I seeing? Did I just watch a Thor movie?''Every single performance in this movie is entertaining, start off with Chris Hemsworth's Thor, who's become more comfortable with the role, and gives hilarious and effective performance. Tom Hiddleston's Loki is also amazing, as well as Mark Ruffalo's Hulk. Plus The Grandmaster, Jeff Goldblum, Goddess of Death, Cate Blanchett's Hela and the movie's show stopper Tessa Thompson's work. She is fantastic as Valkyrie. I enjoy every scene she's in, she is stunning and kicks ass. I look forward to see her in Marvel movies moving forward.The visual effects are beautiful as well as the usage of color. There is a ton of colors in every scene. The visual style is spectacular. I personally have issues with the writing style of previous Marvel movies. But they were able to find ways to make the jokes makes sense in Ragnarok without sacrificing the emotional heft of the movie, and the result is ridiculously funny. It's unlike anything Marvel has yet produced. I can't imagine how Taiki pulled off the humor this movie contains while sustaining his personality as a filmmaker. And....... The score of the movie is so good. It captures the weirdness and hilariousness of the movie. The best movie score in any Marvel movie.Thor Ragnarok is Joyous, hilarious and thrilling addition to MCU that contains some of the funniest movie sequences you will ever see in any Marvel movieI laughed from beginning to end. My god, I can't stop talking about my enjoyment with the movie. Because that's what Thor Ragnarok is about. If you're looking for a serious, quite comic-book movie, Ragnarok isn't for you. If you wanna have a great time at the movies, go and see it. Thor Ragnarok is one of the best times I've had in movie theaters. I can wait to experience it again.	4
This was a great movie. I don't know why people are giving it hate. Taika's work was on point and the main cast were too. Cate Blanchat's 'Hela' was new menacing threat. Chris Hemsworth was brilliant as always. Korg was a new comedic character. Tom Hiddleston is just .. Awesome. 10/10 for sure	5
A lot of fun! Exciting, great visuals, plenty of humour, awesome soundtrack. Stay to the very end of the credits.	5
This third episode of the adventures of Thor is quite a departure in terms of tone and visual artistry from the previous episodes. Extremely colorful and filled with jokes, the film is aiming more towards a Guardian of the Galaxy type of vibe rather than the more dramatic approach of the previous films. Personally what really won me with this film is the colorful visual feast, the CGI is incredibly 'kitch' in the best way possible, with pop colors and a great cinematography in my opinion. Take Waititi was never going to make a somber piece (have you seen his previous films? They are all hilarious), but opts for the tongue in cheeks jokes at every turn and to be honest it feels good to step away from these dark universes that end up being so dramatic and heavy, you feel trapped in your theater seat and lose interest. This one will probably not appeal to every one in the audience and i already hear a lot of complaints but guys relax and chill, its a superhero movie based on a comic book, the material is meant to be fun and somehow Waititi is excelling in that way, delivering a heck of a giant joke with a soundtrack straight from the 80's blasting rock n roll music, making this film one of the most entertaining and fascinating to watch this season. This is definitely one of the most relax and goofy superhero film to date. Great job guys.	3
Visually and colourfully aesthetic, nostalgic synth soundtrack and a FUN movie!	5
BEST MARVEL MOVIE EVER	5
Never have seen a Thor movie this good	5
Wow this movie was amazing it got in with comedy and action it?s great because it?s s new wave of marvel movies like that now (less serious)but still is, it is a great movie must see.	5
Sinceramente posso dizer que é o filme que mais curti da Marvel... e isso não é pouca coisa. Entretenimento total sem desrespeitar os personagens.	5
An absolute mess/mash-up of a film, with zero original ideas but enough charm to pull you along. However, I defy anyone remembering even 2% of it, 10 minutes after the retro credits start rolling.	2
Well ... The rumors are true. It is indeed a good film. Funny ... Hulk is amazing and cracking one joke after the other one ... Loki and Thor are not far behind, Cate Blanchett is almost 50 but still hot and looking good in black (so does Loki actually) Karl Urban looked almost unrecognisable and the Valkyrie hmmm hmmm hmmm :)	4
Good cast, good soundtrack, good animation, good colors, good everything. I like a lot. I could see it an hundred times and never get tired.	5
It's funny. But it takes to long for you to get involved.Kind of disappointed.	3
Thor : Ragnarok a totalement tué le MCU. Pendant 30 minutes, le film est extrêmement drôle, quelque peu irrévérencieux et l'action y est sympathique. Et puis, il faut relier les films entre eux et Ragnarok devient un Marvel commun, avec ses blagues à chaque scène (qui détruisent tout enjeu dramatique), son déluge de CGI de plus en plus dégueulasses et sa dose de pop-culture. Ragnarok a de bonnes idées noyées sous un cahier des charges de plus en plus voyant, qui gâche presque tout, jusqu'au combat final totalement soporifique. C'est d'autant plus dommage que le potentiel du film est infini, étant un Valérian avec du talent. On notera cependant que Karl Urban et Tessa Thompson ont un avenir certain dans la comédie, mais rien n'y fait, les films du MCU suivent une formule immuable qui va devenir vraiment problématique si elle continue autant à parasiter ses opus.	3
Awesome _ The Revengers	5
Honestly!! I dont know how this so called "Critics" praise this SuperHero comedy but Hates Batman & Robin!!! ....THIS is Not the Ragnarok of the Comics....This is the result of a corporation using iconic titles on comic books ... to transform them into a money-making machine ... based on eternal gags , a lot of stupid characters!!!....with too mucho CGI!!!.... argo: GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL.3 ..... .	1
So funny, doesn't take its self seriously, loved it.	4
Best MCU movie in the past couple years,this movie fantastic,funny,entertaining it was simply amazing.	5
Space fighter Viking humorist fighter who loves retro techno and led zeppelin.The director grabs this ridiculous concept and shoves it in your face laughing at you.10/10 would watch again.	5
If I wasn't with my family, I would have walked out in the first ten minutes. I found the humour cringe-worthy at best. I got the jokes, I just found the delivery was awful. It may have even been the editing that ruined the timing for me. Regardless, I felt the style of humour detracted from the action sequences.On the up side, my eleven year old daughter loved it. So it definitely has an audience. I also loved Thor's last fight sequence. He looked great (and finally serious).Maybe I was jaded because I'm from Australia and felt uncomfortable with all the overt Kiwi humour. I doubt it though, I love Kiwi humour, it just felt out of place.I'll probably never watch this again and I think it has killed the Thor franchise for me.	1
Another good movie in the Marvel franchise, with crossover worlds, great acting, and interesting action sequences. It also has hilariously quirky humor moments.However, I wasn't a big fan of the 80s vibe throughout, particularly music and humor.	4
Good but I was a little disappointed that hulk didn?t get to fight sultur and there were way to many jokes and hulk was disappointing	4
It is by far the best out of the Thor Franchise, while simultaneously works in an amazing continuity with the previous films. The growth of the different characters is completely obvious and the story doesn't try to ignore anything of what happened in the previous movies, which is great to see in a cinematic universe. the colour palette , the cinematography, and the action choreography looks very fresh, however some of the effects could have been done better, as marvel has done before, for an instance with the first avengers. As a movie, this movie works on it's own perfectly, but for comic book fans, maybe some would expect the grand master to be more menacing, but he is not. That is not the approach of the movie on that character, and you will not get anything else than whats in the trailers out of his personality. However, there are some really intense moments that the main characters experience and those moments give this movie a unique character ark, which as mentioned makes it work perfectly as the latest movie in a franchise that the characters have had a lot of history together. It's a big thumbs up.	4
Marvel has finally done it - a fantastic Thor movie. Much like other movies by Taika Waititi, the humour is fantastic - my audience had full-on laughter countless times in the film. All actors play their parts extremely well, the cinematography for a few shots is amazing and there are a lot of extra cameos to watch out for. It could be argued that the film has pacing issues at the start but if you're up-to-date with the Marvel universe you'll enjoy this fresh approach to the start of a film within the franchise.	4
''Taika Waititi has made a modern masterpiece'' -Joss Whedon	5
Thor Ragnarok, an incredibly entertaining, laugh out loud hilarious movie that is easily the best MCU entry since the first Guardians of the Galaxy. It's got problems, some of the villains aren't great, the action isn't great and at times some cinematography is a bit dull but this movie is an absolute blast. The actors all do great with Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Tessa Thompson and Tom Hiddleston all sharing an excellent chemistry and absolutely full of charisma. Taika Waititi does a fantastic job directing but also steals the show as rock monster Korg and along with Jeff Goldblum gives the silliest and funniest performances of the movie. Cats Blanchett does a good job at being a menacing yet campy villain. The comedy is spot on and rarely misses a beat. The gladiator fight is fantastic and is full of great character moments. The think I liked the most about this movie is that while it has it's call backs it feels rather stand alone and is definitely the most stylistic and different marvel movie. This feels so much like a comedic buddy movie which is what Waititi really excelled at. Again this film isn't perfect but I highly recommend it. Waititi did a fantastic job and made possibly the best comedy of the year. B+	4
Loved the experience. Never saw a Marvel movie that have happened so much thing in it. Fun, Dark, Death, Fight, loved it.	4
Best Marvel film yet.	5
a brilliant film with some very funny scenes, Thor Ragnarok is one of the best films of the year in my opinion funny and action packed, i'd recommend this film to anyone	5
This was the GotG movie we deserved this year. A fun joyride through and through with a couple of heartfelt moments sprinkled within.	5
This movie is awesome!!! i definitely recommend it i'm seeing again tomorrow.	5
Great fun and certainly entertaining. But I didn't take much away from this film. Even death lacked emotion and characters lacked depth and motivation.	3
Good fun and great dialogue but no Galaxy of the Guardians even though it's stolen it's mojo. An enjoyable few hours and Chris Hemsworth is simply adorable.	3
Marvel are on a roll	3
A Modern Masterpiece! Taika Waitit is the new James Gunn.	5
Waititi's master of comedy truly shines in this superbly funny and thrilling superhero movie, probably Marvel's best (and yes, I'm counting Logan or Civil War in the list). I didn't have this much fun while watching a movie for a long time.One of the best movies of this year.	4
The best super hero movie who can made me watch more than twice!	5
In 1 word, Disappointing. Disappointing acting. The humour is forced. The story is alright though the villain should have had more screen time. However the action is good and the artistic style is stylish. Also they over use the song Immigrant by Led Zepplin. Finally I hated the character of Korg. It's not a bad film, it's just disappointing. And in my books that means it's worse.	3
Best Marvel movie yet, great cast, funny all the way through and good storyline. Hope they make another. Loved it.	5
One of the best Marvel movies yet..certainly the best Thor movie by far.	4
Great superhero fun! A perfect blend of comedy and spectacle added with the presentation of Thor and his hammer i have ever seen. Taika successfully introduces some of the best female characters in the mcu with Hela being scene stealing. Hela was the standout in and out raising the steaks throughout the movie. Everyone is good in this movie. Even though i felt characters Skurge where predictable and Korg and his friend were a blatant rocket and groot rip off.	5
Achei o Filme razoável, foi gerado muita expectativa e o filme ficou no mesmo nível dos outros do Heroi!	2
Best Marvel movie yet. Its truly good, fine humor and outstanding cast.	5
A very enjoyable movie, as expected from a marvel film. But there's a bit too much jokes that it felt like dumb and dumber in some parts.	4
Ummm... I didn't really know what to expect, as the rating of 99% suggested that this would be the best superhero movie ever made. It really isn't. It was just ok for me. The action was pretty average, and nowhere near believable, the acting was ok, and yeah, the plot... It seemed slightly familiar, in that the hero was in power, then he wasn't, then he got help and saved the day... The script was quite well written and the CGI was excellent. The problem was that the film was definitely overrated, it was a recycled idea and most things were basic. Not at all a deep movie, and more a fun family adventure with very tame violence. Most certainly a shame, and I think the reason I prefer DC to Marvel now is that DC create deep and believable movies, and Marvel create fun family adventures that are one trick ponies. Sorry!	2
hands down best marvel movie ever, Loved every second in it !!! did not get bored while watching the entire movie !! Loved the characters development with thor	5
This is hard for me to say but.. I loved this film. Why hard? Because it's not like any of the superhero movies we've seen before. GOTG movies are funny because the heroes are screw ups (much like TV's Legends of Tomorrow) and that's where the humour comes from. This is a different beast. Thor is a God, people. Loki is a God. God shouldn;t be funny, right? The funny in the first Thor movie comes from him being in a situation that was funny. The humour in The Dark world, well... there was no humour in the Dark world, and the movie suffered for it (read this sentence for every DC superhero movie thus far). This movie, make no mistake, is hilarious. it out-guardians the guardians, if that makes sense. The humour wouldn;t have been as effective without being juxtaposed (good word, right? I looked it up) by the action. The extravagance of the gladiator arena is matched by the fight that everyone knows is coming and the humour of the conversation (yes, Hulk engages in conversation) afterwards. Fun exchanges between characters is what makes the film though. While Thor and Hulk are good together, they are surpassed by the exchanges between Thor and Loki which are mind blowingly funny. Make no mistake, this film is pure comedy. Cate Blanchett knows that Hela is merely a sideline to the main story.I haven't enjoyed myself at the cinema as much for a long, long time. Well worth the price of admission.If I had one slight criticism (and it is so nit pickingly slight I am almosta shamed to mention it) it is that if Bruce banner has 6 PhDs then why does he appear so dim in the film? I feel that he was underwritten for the film, but he responsible for one of the biggest laugh out loud moments of the film so I can almost forgive that.All in all, great entertainment. Infinity War now has a lot to live up to.I hope justice league is half as fun (though I would be happy with 25%, it IS DC after all)	5
Too many jokes to a point where it gets annoying.	2
I went to a screening with Thor:The Dark World right before Ragnarok and pretty much in the first 10 minutes I felt like I was watching a completely different type of movie. There was a huge difference in directing and the whole feel of the movie. Going further in the movie it became obvious that the movie had an arcade style theme.If this movie is viewed outside the bigger MCU, it's great, but I felt that the shift it style was too big to be done from the previous Thor movie to this one. Pretty much every kind of Marvel movie has its own theme, like Guardians of the Galaxy and Iron Man, but Marvel seems to be confused about what they want Thor to be like at the moment.Overall, good movie, but not amazing as some reviews suggest.	3
WOW !!! Was not expecting this film to be as good as it was... Luckily for me I live in the UK so got to see it today (24th October). Best film we (6 of us) have seen in a long time! Go see it as you will not be disappointed!!! Thor is banging !!!	5
great visuals, a decent but meh plot, lack emotional punch.	3
Mindbogglingly well-made. Waititi hits the mark.	5
Let me make it simple, its the best MCU film of 2017, the best Thor film, and one of the very best and most fun superhero film of all time. Ragnarok may be mostly fun, but it was never nonsense. Humor wasn't forced, pacing was smooth and fantastic, the characters were well executed and I loved the new additions, especially Valkyrie. Fight sequences felt short but was well-choreographed and awesome of course. Literally, like almost every second of the movie, every scenes of the movie were significant, the damn director did a pretty damn good job with that! Too bad its the end of the trilogy, could've wanted Taika Waititi to direct more Thor films.	5
There's always been humour in previous Thor films but perhaps emboldened by the success of Guardians of the Galaxy, of which its shadow looms large over this film, Marvel has wisely decided to push that boat right out under the offbeat comedic steerage of New Zealand director Taika Waititi and the result is spectacular. Bursting the pompous bubble of its predecessors and literally laying all that Shakespearean/dungeons & dragons stuff to waste, the new Thor loses his hammer, gets a Queer Eye makeover and brings out the wise-cracking hilarity in Marvel's first buddy comedy. Judging by the success rate of the meta and irreverent jokes and one-liners, they have hit it right out of the park, if not the galaxy. We know Chris Hemsworth can play with his him-bo image (if anyone has seen last summer's Ghostbuster reboot) but here he shows off his great comedic timing as a leading man. The straight-forward narrative is basically split between Asgard falling under Cate Blanchett's hissy-fit big bad sis, Hela, and Thor's escape from Sakaar, a planet under the not so benevolent rule of Jeff Goldblum's smarmy and camp Grandmaster. Intercutting between the two, we have cameos, expected and unexpected; and supporting characters, huge and small (and the less you know, the better they'll work) pairing up with Thor in deliciously delightful situations that make the 2hrs plus film flies by joyously until we reach the inevitably overblown Thor v Hela match-up that jolts you back shudderingly to a Marvel superhero movie ending. That and Loki's predictable character arc are perhaps my only gripes here, otherwise, this newly unshackled Thor do the opposite of going dark and rejuvenates itself in what must be its best instalment so far, and it might land as one of my favourites from the Marvel studio.	4
Easily the most fun (and funny) MCU film so far.	4
It's not great but it's definitely different. I'm quite relieved that after 14 times of using the same ripped-off formula, the franchise actually delivered something that has a decent script. Even though it still lacks in characters development, it's not a total waste of time.	3
what a great movie, loved every minute of it. :)	5
Thor: Ragnarok is filled with great chemistry among its cast. The balance of action and humor is great which makes it an interesting take on Thor's character. The love-hate relationship between Thor and Loki (played by the great Tom Hiddleston) is much more pronounced and developed here than the first two. The Best Thor film, no doubt, no question.	5
I'm kind of on the fence about Thor's new personality modification in this movie with him being comical at times. They're trying to show a different side to his character but I'm not sure if it works. I prefer the way Thor was portrayed in previous films, strong, short tempered, masculine...etc. The movie overall wasn't that bad, it wasn't that good, it had the potential to be more.	3
It's the best movies from the series of Thor	5
Great moive, Great music, Great action. Wished there was more!	5
Another phenomenal Marvel film with great writing, stunning visuals and compelling characters.	5
Sometimes there are movies that can reinvent a character and make it even greater than it was before, adding magic without losing what made the character good in the first place. Thor: Ragnarok is one of those movies. It makes everything right, every artistic department is on point and everyone in the cast give great performances in the best versions of their characters yet. There is an artfulness in the entertainment and fun the movie provides. Don't miss it!	5
Hella stupid. The geeks beside us thought they were in a knee-slapping comedy. Cate Blanchett slinks around and chews the scenery like some kind of exotic space beetle. #GodOfCorny.	2
Thor: Ragnarok: Is an Epic, Enjoyable and hilarious movie! Loved it from start to finish. The laughs, the action and the dynamics between the characters all make it such an enjoyable movie.The movie really raises the bar. It had the entire cinema laughing and engaged. Hope everyone enjoys it as much as I have.	5
Yea! Verily! Indeed! Thor: Ragnarok is most worthy!!!	4
Taika Waititi is brilliant! Rather comedic and added to the snappy humour throughout the movie. Loved it!	5
Best of the three Thor movie. Clearly the humour is well balanced with the plot!	5
Fucking AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! MCU you did it again	5
Sit back enjoy the popcorn it is allot of fun!	5
The best Thor movie EVER...possibly the best Marvel movie!	5
Marvel has done it again!	4
It is not the best film of the UCM, but it has its thing, it fulfilled what it promised. Also giving Hulk what he deserves, more time on screen, was a great taste.	5
Without any fluff, This was the most enjoyable movie I have seen this year. If there is one thing that it does right, is that it leaves you wanting more! Establishing characters and their interpersonal relationships then letting the viewer interpret it in relation to their own lives is simply fantastic. If anyone is still complaining that it isn't dark enough, then you are welcome to watch the Dark World again.	5
Tremendously funny, great action as well as great visual experience, it might be one of the better action/humor movies you'll see, is not going to be remembered as one of the greatest in the superhero genre, but don't let that stop you.	4
brilliant movie, visually compelling, enjoyable and to be watched more thn one time 3d in the cinema. it is a funny movie, but i should have been more vicious with the presence of great villian like hela	5
Yes, I'm in agreement with almost everyone that this is hugely enjoyable, but the humour can only last so long and when you start using characters as satirical takes on themselves, have you signed the franchise's death warrant?	4
Phenomenal in all ways.	5
This might be my top contender for best marvel movie, I'm a sucker for the outrun themes, as well as norse mythology, with old characters getting more character development, and newcomers being a delight, especially Valkyrie was great, she is a good new addition.Thor finally getting to be the badass Viking God he is, is something I have been wanting for, and this movie did it justice.	5
A huge upgrade from the previous Thor movies	5
Top marks. The comedy was on point, the bar has been raised. Looking forward to infinity wars.	5
Excellent!! Exciting and very funny movie!!!	4
Thor Ragnarok is a masterpiece. From breathtaking visuals to quirky dialogue to amazing action sequences and story this latest Marvel Studio's Film is quite possibly the best yet. This is a welcome addition to the MCU and the best Thor film yet, whilst setting up the future	5
Combine the humour of guardians of the galaxy and the action scenes of civil war and you have Thor ragnarok. This is for me is the best movie marvel studios has made. This is taika waititi kicking down the door of the world of making blockbusters. Can't wait to see if he is involved in any other marvel movies. Best movie I've seen in ages	5
This was the best marvel movie ever	5
Absolutely wonderfully batshit-awesome. :-)	5
Incredible, best Marvel film yet!	5
La mejor película de Thor, y una de las más divertidas del UCM	5
great movie great great great but ALOT OF POST PRODUCTION EDITING. soo those trailer clips you really wanted to see play out not all of them were shown. and the post credit clip was dissapointing. but at the end it was brilliant.	4
Full of Easter Eggs from Marvel Universe. Very good fan film. I was very surprised when I found out that it plays in Poland since 25th of October.	4
It?s tempting to give this five stars straight off the bat but I?ll hold off for a rewatch! Silly, fun, exciting, fresh and colourful. Made up for the disappointment that was GOTG2. Here?s hoping Marvel keeps Taika around for a while!	4
Great movie bringing fun, great music &a new twist to the marvel universe	5
Hugely entertaining, beatifuly shot and very, very funny :)	5
MY NEW FAVORITE MOVIE OF 2017!! Sorry Spidey I love you but Thor RagnaROKS!!!	5
So damn good!Funny & loads of awesome action! [9/10]	4
Great fun film with big names all delivering, Hemsworth has a stand out performance	4
Best superhero movie ever! Ragnarok is like Heavy Metal meets Synthwave! It's epic fantasy sci-fi done at most high quality level! Love all the characters, love the story, love the action, love the visuals, love the soundtrack. I love this movie! Best superhero movie ever!	5
It was okay, mainly because of the action..	3
super fun to watch, a fast paced movie that makes two hours felt like 20 minutes of cool action scenes,comedies and its really fun to see ruffalo new kind of hulk portrayal, he is so different here from the two previous avengers.	3
What a hoot! Chris Hemswarth edges ahead in the 'movie-Chris' charts with a funny and charming turn as the Norse god of thunder in the third and definitely the best of his solo films. This time, he and brother Loki are stunned to find they have a big - and evil - sister Hela, played by Cate Blanchett. After their first violent encounter, Thor ends up in a futuristic fight club run by Jeff Goldblum, who is as hugely entertaining as you'd expect. Add in Tessa Thompson, very appealing as Valkyrie, a shaven headed Karl Urban as Hela's slightly reluctant henchman and Mark Ruffalo, as good as ever as the Hulk. However the biggest asset is director Taika Waititi, a Kiwi, who also voices one of the most fun CG creatures. His offbeat sense of humour and the rumoured heavily improvised script is very entertaining. Cate Blanchett does the best she can, but she doesn't get much nuance in a pretty much all-powerful big bad role.As with all the Marvel films, the effects are huge but is anyone THAT impreseed with CG effects any more? Even the amusing Thor/Hulk fight isn't terribly surprising. A big, loud spectacle but with a nice offbeat sense of humour and appealing performances	4
Just the absolute perfect blend of action, comedy and visuals. All of the cast was putting in a huge effort with Chris, Mark, Jeff and Tessa being the stands. 100% worth seeing!	5
I give 5 STARS cause this movie from the start until the end is very GOOD!!! There's NO BORING scene.. Full action and also funny... Btw, I already watched this movie in Indonesia...	5
enjoyed every minute	5
Action & Adventure, Drama, Science Fiction & Fantasy......these are genres of the film...they missed Comedy.	2
Uma boa comédia travestida de filme de super herói.	5
Absolutely fall in love with everyone in this movie.	5
Great from start to finish, definitely the best Thor movie and a great new direction for the Marvel films post SpiderMan Homecoming. Looking forward to watching it again.	4
Really fun movie, with great action scenes and great characters. The best MCU movie so far!	5
Disney seems to have lost the plot with thi	2
O melhor filme de super herói do ano e um dos melhores da Marvel!	5
Absolutely loved this movie. Me and my family went in thinking it would be rubbish since we've never seen Thor but I ended up loving it. Most of the jokes landed action was mind blowing, honestly never knew Thor was this powerful. I will be seeing it again, and purchasing it on Blu-Ray. Jeff Goldblum, HIddleston, and Chris Hemsworth was amazing too. Never seen anything from Tessa Thompson but I loved her, the Villain was amazing too. Never seen anything from Cate Blanchett but she was amazing. So I will definitely be seeing this again.(I'm new to this website, I don't see my review popping up, so if the same review is there multiple times I apologise).	5
Thor Ragnarok Review (SPOILER-FREE) #ThorRagnarokThor Ragnarok is the next Marvel movie in the MCU (Marvel Cinematic Universe) and is the third Thor Movie. Out of all of the Marvel (this regards FOX marvel movies too) movies this year, Thor Ragnarok has had my interest the most. So far this year, Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol.2 was a blast with its very likeable characters, fun entertaining action and it's mostly hit but sometimes miss comedy throughout. Spiderman Homecoming was a breath of fresh air for the character of Spiderman for we finally got a movie that wasn't mainly about setting up future movies and having way too many villains (i'm looking at you amazing spiderman 2) but instead focused on bringing the audience a light-hearted comedy with some really good action throughout. And Logan was a bloody, dark, action-packed thrill-ride of a movie that will go down as the best X-Men movie to date. And now we have Thor Ragnarok.After the last 2 fairly decent Thor movies, I was a little confused on why Marvel would make another Thor movie. After seeing the trailers, however, all of my doubts were gone. I went into Thor Ragnarok expecting what the trailer delivered, a fun action movie with little doses of comedy on the side. I expected it to be a good movie. A movie which if I was asked to rank on the MCU timeline, it wouldn't be down there with Iron Man 2 and 3 but it wouldn't be up there with the Avengers and Captain America 2 (Winter Soldier) and 3 (Civil War). It would be somewhere around the middle. Out of all of the Marvel movies this year, I thought this would probably be my least favourite. I WAS SO WRONG. I walked out of Thor Ragnarok with a huge grin on my face and I can say that it has exceeded my expectations more than any movie has ever exceeded my expectations. This movie is AMAZING. And here's why:The Story:The story in this movie is very all over the place. But I mean that in a good way! Many locations are explored in this movie, you have the surprising beautiful junk planet of Sakaar, the somewhat now dreary Asgard which looks like DC took over the helm of its colour saturation and a couple more. The story is pretty simple. Ragnarok is like the apocalypse of Asgard, Thor needs to stop Ragnarok, Thor gets into some shenanigans, the story goes on from there. It's your run of the mill story but it's told well. The characters all have well-established motivations and their reasons for avoiding/going towards certain objectives are believable. For the story, it's definitely better than the other 2 Thor movies and it goes to some very nice locations too.The Characters:A lot of people regard Loki as one of the best marvel characters in the MCU. This movie further helps keep Loki's reputation. The characters are great in this. Chris Hemsworth is playing Thor for the 5th time in the MCU and this is probably one of his best performances as the God of Thunder. His character is courageous, funny and since he's had about 5 movies, he knows a lot about the cliches he has gotten into and he mocks them just like we would. Our new character Valkyrie is a very sarcastic character who really likes to have a drink. Her introduction is not only a perfect way of introducing her but is also very funny and unexpected due to how you would expect it to be like 'I am Valkyrie, I'm this and that and I want you aboard my ship' but instead you get something completely different. The new villain Hela is one of the better Marvel Villians. When you look back on Marvel and DC, DC is a lot stronger when it comes to their villains (e.g. Heath Ledger's Joker) but now I can see Marvel starting to catch up and honestly see DC starting to go into reverse. Wonder Woman is a good example of the way DC is going for the movie was great but the villain was REALLY bad.But for Thor Ragnarok, Hela does a good job and she's not forgettable, I'll give her that. Definitely, the weakest character but all of the characters are great so that doesn't mean she's bad by any means. And if you want me to explain Hulk, I'll explain him quick. He SMASHES A LOT, he's really funny and has really funny banter with Thor. Bruce Banner (for those who don't watch these movies, Hulk when he isn't angry) is CLEVER A LOT, he's really funny and has really funny banter with Thor.Overall, characters are great. I just want to give a quick side note to my favourite character in the entire movie, Korg. Apparently, Marvel has plans for this character in the MCU and I am very excited about this news because Korg is AWESOME. He's the funniest character in the movie, he's made out of rocks and he's very likeable. The Comedy:Not only was this movie the funniest Marvel movie of the year but I would say that it's the funniest Marvel movie ever. There are 3 types of laughter when watching a movie. The first type is a light chuckle. The second type is a laugh. The third type is a roar. The third type occurred MANY times during the movie and I was part of that same crowd. The phrase hit and miss doesn't associate with this movie at all. Every joke this movie pulls off is hilarious not leaving one awkward silence. The Landscapes:I never really talk about this in movies but I had to for this one. This movie is beautiful. The planet of Sakaar is definitely a highlight of the movie. I literally had my mouth gaping in amazement. The sheer size and beauty of the planet were shown in great detail and the sets on this planet are awesome. As well as that, Asgard looks really great too. The dark look really showed the intensity of the situation and I was reminded of the scope of Asgard too. It's really big and outstanding. There's always something happening on the screen when you're in Asgard, whether it is in focus or not. So yes, I loved the landscapes. Overall, Thor Ragnarok is, quite frankly, a MASTERPIECE and is the best Marvel movie of the year. I've been thinking about it all day and I can't find a single flaw. So because of that, I'm going to give Thor Ragnarok an A+. I'm definitely going to watch it again in the next month.This year has been a great year for superhero movies. Especially Marvel since they have been bringing their literal A game. And since there are no more Marvel movies this year and since Justice League is on the horizon, I'll give my thoughts on where both Marvel and DC rank this year. I'll update this list when I review Justice League (which I most definitely will review)1. Thor Ragnarok: A+ (First Saw On Oct 25th)2. LOGAN: A+ (First Saw On July 11th)3. Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol.2: A (First Saw On April 28th)4. Wonder Woman: A (First Saw On June 1st)5. Spiderman Homecoming: A- (First Saw On July 7th)	5
Better than the last one but still feels like an overextended parody of what should be a movie about the god of thunder. Too many jokes, too many things that seem to came out from the power rangers series and hormonal fanservice as usual. I stubbornly hope that the MCU makes something better than these children's films and show something better in Infinity War	1
It's strange to call a movie featuring hundreds of impalings amusing, but Ragnarok had loads of laughs all the way through. After the Dr Strange interlude set the scene for loads of chuckles and loads of action. Highly recommended. My wife enjoyed it more because Chris gets his shirt off	5
Best Thor movie! Loki adorable and sweety! Totally love it!	5
right mix of fun action and humor love the cameos too	5
Just another awesome Marvel movie, a great pleasure to watch. Everything was just fantastic, the visuals, the storyline, the characterizations, the action. Glad to see Thor lighten up a lot in this movie, and Hella was just an excellent villain who got in on the laughs, too, like when she was explaining to Skurge the role of an "Executioner". Just a great movie, I am tempted to go and watch it again.	5
Thor: Ragnarok has made super hero movies fun again. The jokes feel much more organic and less forced then previous movies. The action is well done and the movie feels less than its 2 hour run time. If you loved Guardians of the galaxy this film is much more its successor than Guardians Vol 2.	5
This movie is something to behold. A shining light for the superhero franchises in its simplicity whilst keeping a rollicking storyline. Heaps of comedy and that NZ sense of humour is just perfect. So enjoyable it is nearly criminal. Ragnarocks!	5
Cheap humor making characters into idiots.Hulk seems weaker than before.I'm disappointed!	2
This movie isn?t just something different to marvel or the superhero genre in general this is a masterpiece in cinema history. Better get an Oscar	5
Colourful cosmic adventure thats fun and sets a new baseline for Thor.	3
Jarring changes in tone and an unnecessary cameo from Steven Strange plus a contender for the worst ?you just took me right out of the film? moment in the history of cinema with another horrible cameo but other than that it was charming, funny and the best Thor movie ever!	4
Thor: Ragnarok is a colourful rollercoaster ride but just like a rollercoaster, it has its ups and downs. The fight scenes involving Thor are visually stunning, thanks to New Zealand director, Taika Waititi. Tom Hiddleston as Loki stands out once again and Karl Urban is also a nice addition to the film. The score is very refreshing with an epic retro feeling to it. Conversely, Cate Blanchett feels wasted as her character Hela is underdeveloped. She has minimal interactions with the film's heroes and appears on screen most of the time to shout exposition. Waititi's jokes are phenomenal but some of them don't deliver and stick out like a sore thumb. Further, due to this comedic tone, some of the characters motivations are just not convincing enough. Most of all, the use of green screens is far too evident in some shots that they begin to break the immersion. Disappointingly, few of the epic shots from the trailer are missing in the final product. Overall, the film is still a blast and by far the best Thor movie but is not the masterpiece expected. 8.5/10.	4
It's the best Thor movie for sure. Taika Waititi did it. The humor was on point, the visual effects (mostly), the cinematography, and overall it's an entertaining movie. They really made Thor a whole new character, which is a good thing. And also, Hulk is an actual character now, and I'm happier than ever to see him the way he is in the comic books. There were a lot of great stuff about this movie, but I can't deny that it isn't perfect. There were some scenes that contains some really bad green screening and CGI, and also the Hela and Asgardians story was a bit weak in my opinion. It could've been better but I liked it for what it is.	3
Very different from the trailers. Extremely funny and marks a more unique film for the MCU. Completely different from the other 2 Marvel films we've had this year and although it wasn't the 'game-changer' that I had hoped it would be having based that on my expectations after seeing the first trailers. The humour and comedy of the film helped keep this fresh and introduced a welcomed break from the norm in the grand scheme of Marvel's 'episodic' franchise. There's a couple of flat moments within the plot, some 'questionable' CGI/green-screen, and a couple of the big action set pieces aren't that memorable, but the great cast and the chemistry between them fueled by the welcomed injection of Taika Waititi's humour and comedy timing makes this a very enjoyable romp earning it's position within the main arc of the MCU.	4
Best marvel film? Seems like it is	5
?It wants so desperately to be Guardians of the Galaxy?The latest Thor film has been getting universally praised across the board because it is ?hilarious?. It?s isn?t, and if that?s what people want from their superhero movies then god help us all. It?s the same old shit, tedious, dull and trying so hard to be fun and quirky that it forgets that it?s a superhero film. The story is pretty standard so I won?t bore you all with the details, and it all feels so familiar. It?s like a bad episode of a long running tv series, a series that is close to running its course. It wants so hard to be ?Guardians of the Galaxy? but the difference is that film was clearly made by people with a hell of a lot more talent. It all looks so fake, all green screen and dodgy production values. It doesn?t feel or look like a multimillion dollar production. I quite liked the first Thor because as a fish out of water type story it was quite enjoyable, the second was awful but this takes things to a whole new level. Everything is a joke, nothing is played straight and it ends up feeling like a really expensive Saturday Night Live sketch. I?m so bored of these Marvel films, apart from Guardians of the Galaxy they are practically all the same. They aren?t ?films?, they are products, and getting in a quirky director doesn?t change anything. It?s still the same shit with lame improvised jokes. Come November everyone will no doubt be slating ?Justice League? for being too dark or serious but at least for better or worse DC are trying a different approach. We shall see, but at this moment I?m all but done with Marvel. They need to drastically do something different but I doubt that?ll ever happen.	2
Brilliant addition to the MCU. Funny, slick and visually stunning, this is the best of the Thor trilogy and shows that Marvel films can look and feel different from their counterparts	5
pros: its a good movie - definetly the best thor movie, its probably the funniest marvel film, its good fun all round cons: predictable - basically a rehash of thor 1 and 2 just done better (same as most marvel films these days), i think motion blur on it was awful (tho i think this was the cinema screen i watched it on not the film itself so dont take that as fact), if you seen the trailer you could predict how things would go while you were watching the full movie	3
Wow wow wow Great visualPlotAction FunnyA movie to watch at least tree time in the cinema 3d	5
as usual, MCU never dissapoint me! but i miss mewmew!!	5
A blast. Great action, lotsa comedy and an awesome cast who are all having the time of their lives. Having said that, the stakes are pretty damn high.	3
I'm waiting for 3rd November ????	5
Loved it!!! Not only a hilarious movie, but a visually stunning one!! Cate Blanchet is a bit over the top but in this movie it's not upseting. One of the best of the MCU. On a only cinematographic point of vue, it's my favorite one.	4
Best Movie of Marvel.	5
One of the best Marvel movie and easily the best Thor movie	5
Excellent in Marvel franchise and made even better and funnier by Kiwi director Taika Waititi.	5
Lot's of humor, awesome fighting scene and great CGI and special effects.	5
Without giving too much away, the question that comes to everyone's mind when a film comes out is "is it good?", well with Ragnarok, at its best it's great and at its worst it's good, charismatic cast with excellent direction from Taika Waititi, this is the Thor film fans have been wanting to see and by far most fun Marvel film.	4
a very friendly, funny, happy and full of colour movie...  Star Wars + GOTG + Happy Tree Friends = Thor 3	4
Relentessly funny and hugely entertaining this might be the best Marvel movie yet and at this stage of the game that's hugely impressive.	5
Jesus christ this movie is bad: you get dozen of jokes just in the first 10 minutes, there is no scene where the movie takes itself seriously, the characters are badly developed or redeveloped (wich makes no sense in an expanded universe) in a stupid way. Even the soundtrack sounds out of place with even the same wrong music during battles.	2
Good film to take the kids too, however the only thing getting us mothers through the film is chris hemsworth. Storyline very lacking	2
Enjoyable fun flick.. Would have scored it a lot higher if almost every scene was played for laughs. Superb cast	3
Went into the film not expecting much. Came out pleasantly surprised, Very funny from start to finish with unique humor, Deep heart string moments can be found, Adventure feel! Pleasant story line with hidden secrets	5
Thor: Ragnarok is not Marvel's best movie. Thor: Ragnarok is Marvel's most fun movie. Seriously Marvel has gambled their next move with balls,Thor 3 is reduced to an unapologetic action-comedy romp but here's the catch; it bloody works. Everything is zesty, colorful and eyecatching coupled with a suprisingly 80's styled synth-wave soundtrack which makes this movie watchable even for the third time. Worth every buck!	4
i can describe this movie with 3 words : bombastic, unpredictable and remarkable. The combination of action and comedy is amazing.The casts (and the cameos) have their own portion to express their character in this movie. also Thor aka Chris Hemsworth is the coolest god in MCU	5
The real 'God of Thunder'!	5
Thor has often been listed as the weak link within the Marvel cinematic universe, his solo films being dragged down by the narrative shying away from the grandeur of Asgard and the nine realms in favour of more ground level stories and bland or annoying characters. The Norse god has only truly shined when Chris Hemsworth has been allowed to let his comedic side come through, as seen in 2015's Avengers; Age of Ultron. Thankfully, Marvel's decision to bring in New Zealand director Taika Waititi (who most will know as the man behind What we do in the Shadows and Hunt for the Wilder People ) pays dividends as we're presented with a film that offers plenty of humour and doesn't take itself seriously, allowing viewers to take a break from the giant intertwined narrative the last 10 years of films have been building and just enjoy it for what it is.Ragnarok follows Thor, who after a series of events becomes stranded on Sakaar, a planet where people are captured and sold into slavery to compete in gladiator tournaments. Thor reunites with Hulk, who has also found himself on Sakaar, and the two of them (with some help from others) set out to escape and stop Hela the goddess of death (Cate Blanchett) from destroying Asgard. It's a simple premise that allows the film to spend a lot more time on comedic moments instead of devoting multiple scenes to explaining what's going on. You can separate Ragnarok into two films, the hostile takeover of Asgard at the hands of Hela, and the great escape style adventure on Sakaar. The latter is decisively more entertaining as it remains mostly separate from the world-ending peril you've come to expect from these types of films. Hemsworth shines as the titular character, clearly relishing in the freedom he has to get a bit more ridiculous with the role. He also benefits from being able to play off some other characters, most notably Mark Ruffalo's Hulk and any interactions he has with mischief-making brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston). Sakaar is essentially a giant trash planet that has been transformed into a palace for the gleefully narcissistic grandmaster (Jeff Goldblum) who pits slaves against one another in colosseum-style fights. This is where we find Hulk, who seems to have more control over Banner now. Adding a voice to the big green giant allows for some funny and surprisingly touching moments and as always Ruffalo's performance as the Jekyll to his Mr. Hyde is sharp and entertaining. There's also a character you meet on Sakaar who will likely steal the whole film for many viewers, look out for a distinctively Kiwi voice (Waititi involving himself in the fun). Cate Blanchett has a lot of fun as Hela, adopting a deep and menacing accent that cuts through any room she's in. Unfortunately, she suffers from the same problem I had with Kingsman: the Golden Circle's villain in that she hardly butts heads with the main group of heroes. This lessens the stakes of the third act as you don't get to know much about her other than her lust for death and destruction. This is a minor gripe though, after all, I mentioned earlier that Ragnarok doesn't take itself seriously. The story is more of a way to lead from joke to joke, although at times it does try (and stumble) to incorporate some emotional moments into the film.The focus on humour here (even more so than Whedon's Marvel movies) also sometimes works to the detriment of the film as it tries to speed from scene to scene without allowing us to get those important moments of character development. This is apparent with Tessa Thompson's Valkyrie, whose backstory is limited to a couple of lines of dialogue and a running gag involving her drinking habits. She's a great character and wonderful addition to the MCU but I would've liked to see more than what was presented at surface level, or at the very least have been able to explore her character without feeling the need to lighten the mood with a joke. The score does its job well but tends to be fairly forgettable like most Marvel films, the only song you'll be humming after leaving the theatre is Led Zeppelin's Immigrant Song (which is used liberally). Ragnarok also drew my attention to a new trend in Hollywood where filming on a sound stage allows companies to essentially change the entire environment that a scene takes place in from the trailer to the film using green screen. There's a moment early in the film that transpires on a grassy cliff face, this exact moment is featured heavily in the trailers for Ragnarok, only instead of a cliff it's set in a New York alleyway. It makes you wonder if this was always meant to be the case and if studios make changes like this more often than we realize.Thor: Ragnarok is a thoroughly enjoyable film. Taika Waititi's dry humour elevates the Norse god of thunder from his rather uninteresting status in previous films and creates a buddy comedy romp that will have you stifling your laughter for the majority of its runtime. It does somewhat sacrifice its emotional moments for comedy, and some of the film's supporting cast are given little to do, but if you are starting to grow tired of Marvel's formulaic adventures then this (like Guardians Volume 2 did earlier this year) may restore your interest in the genre.	3
For Loki love! <3	5
By Odin's beard! It deserves the HYPE!!!	5
Its The Coolest Thing Happened In 2017 <3	5
Best marvel film yet ??	5
Eye popping action, lots of laughs and great characters. Carries on the good work from GOTD Vol. 2!	4
Brilliant - Marvel films are getting better and better. Adult humour and innuendos, good comedy aspect throughout the whole film, very true to the comics and a great cast with great visual scenes. Felt like this was a lot more colourful along the lines of Guardians Of the Galaxy. Can?t wait to see what they do with Avengers Infinity War	5
'Thor: Ragnarok' is the best 'Thor' film so far, and one of Marvel's best overall - up there with 'Guardians of the Galaxy' for laughter and excitement. Thor (Hemsworth) has full licence from director Waititi ('Boy', 'Hunt For The Wilderpeople') to unleash all his humour and charm, which starts very early on, but still allowing big action/battle scenes to unfurl. Loki (Hiddleston) & Odin (Hopkins) are back, but so is their sister, Hela (Blanchett), Goddess of Death, intent on unleashing "Ragnarok" on Asgard - the end of days.It's not all doom and gloom though, as Thor and Loki get trapped on a literal dump-planet, where we meet the Grandmaster (Goldblum) - basically an eccentric Roman emperor, who hosts Gladiator duels. Goldblum gets some great lines and steals almost every scene he's in. This is where Hulk (Ruffalo) comes in and is apparently where he's been since 'Avengers: Age of Ultron'. Some great moments shared between Hulk and Thor, as Thor is trying to escape so he can rescue the people of Asgard from Hela. He's helped by a fallen Valkyrie (Thompson), who eventually comes around.The score is great, and while 80s-synth-ish, is mostly understated. What does stand out is the colour and vibrancy of almost every set - plenty to catch the eye in every shot. But what sets this film apart is it's humour and pacing. Korg, a rock-monster (voiced by Waititi himself) has some great moments, especially since his Kiwi accent stands out so strongly against the rest of the cast. There's a strong Antipodean slant to proceedings, with Waititi, Hemsworth, Blanchett, Karl Urban, Rachel House and Sam Neill all having an impact. A great fight scene at the end, but still plenty of quips and slapstick thrown in. End credit scene sets up 'Avengers: Infinity War' nicely.	4
Really very good indeed. Fantastic direction and a great combination of comic-book story and comic writing. Simple and enjoyable entertainment.	4
After watching this movie, thor is now my favourite avenger.	5
Best. Movie. Ever!??	5
best movie on 2017... so funny... must watch!!!!	5
I really liked this movie but I really hated it too. I liked that Thor got a sense of humour but they tried so hard to make you like him on his own - (Oh, here's a joke... oh and another. Laugh, audience, laugh!") Throw in a whole Planet Hulk side plot and we're fully into Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3. It's an identity crisis of a movie that has only, now, made me appreciate the two previous Thor movies for what they were (that I didn't like, before!). I just hope everything isn't one big joke in Infinity War.	3
Brilliant, funny, beautiful, a great movie.	5
I loved every single minute, it's very funny and excitingOne of my favorite movies in the MCU, Taika Waititi (and the cast of course) did an awesome job. I wanna see the movie again	5
This movie is masterpiece, if u like marvel movies u should definetly go to cinema. This is the best marvel movie right now,Im totally felt in love.	4
By far the funnest and most comedic Marvel film. Not, however, my favourite. There were some odd scenes, the character arcs felt lacking and I was never invested in any killings or anything the enemy was doing. Would most definitely watch again, though - not only the funniest Marvel film but hilarious when compared to full-blown comedies too.	4
The best Thor movie ! And the best Thor i've seen from Chris Hemsworth !	5
The best comics book movie by far.	5
If you're looking for a Planet Hulk movie don't get your hopes up cause other then a few characters and the fight scene on sakaar there is no real resemblance to the planet hulk comic book or animated movie. Also the actual Ragnarok part of Thor Ragnarok actually only lasts about 10mins. The movie is more like a Hulk and Thor road trip then a end of the world apocalyptic movie like the original comic storyline was. Thats not necessarily a bad thing cause they're being original it's just some people may be disappointed about that. However what this movie does right is making the relationship between banner and hulk more interesting. It's just the small things like Banner having a slight hint of green in his skin and hulk saying things like "no banner just hulk" that make the character that much more interesting. Also we have what I believe is the best hulk/banner transformation where out can really see banner try to fight against the hulk and change back. Also there are some very funny moments especially with Korg who I believe is voiced by the director himself and Hela is a somewhat interesting villain although I feel there were a lot of miss opportunities with her character.	3
Go watch in Imax 3D if you want to grab the mjolnir. I did	4
Thor: Ragnarok, might as well call it Thor: Ascension. Not a jab on the movie being bad, just a remark that the movie is really less about the actual Ragnarok event than it is about a hero's journey. This third installment to the Thor series takes a huge inspiration from Guardians of the Galaxy, adding a whole lot of comedy and humor into what was essentially should've been a universal apocalyptic event. To great effect, to be honest. While not all of the jokes warranted a laugh out loud from me, some of them were just downright hilarious. *cough*Bruce Banner*cough*. This movie has some really awesome fighting scenes, none of the shaky mess we got from Doctor Strange, thankfully. The visuals are mostly superb, aside from 1 scene in particular which really stood out to me. Also, unsure if it is a problem with the movie's editing or the censorship, certain scenes doesn't seem to transition as smoothly as it should've been, which was something that stick out like a sore thumb to me. Nitpicky stuff, really. All in all, Thor: Ragnarok was a fun and enjoyable movie to watch with lots of humor and fun character interactions between the main characters are what makes the movie for me. Also to add, Scrapper 142 was a fun addition into the MCU. Looking forward to Infinity War.	4
So full of glorious action and humor . Must see more than once.	5
A colorful fun adventure	5
Ragnarok is a tough one to review completely without spoiler, so I'll keep this brief:I was bothered by a small number of things that happened in this movie.I was in love with a large number of things that happened in this movie.Thor: Ragnarok is not the MCU's best movie.Thor: Ragnarok is the MCU's most fun movie.Can we please have a worldwide ban on putting anything that happens in the third act of your movie, in said movie's trailers?Thank you for your time. 4 stars.	4
Best night I have had in a while. Very funny.	5
This was by far the best Thor film, it was great to watch in the cinema but it was boring sometimes, but overall great.	5
This is the most fun I had in a Thor movie, they definitely out did their selves for this one, worth the watch.	5
Thor: Ragnarok has arrived and what an incredible, hilarious, action packed, and just straight up fun adventure it is. Just when you think the superhero genre has touched on all the story beats it can, in comes director Taika Waititi (What We Do In The Shadows (2014)) with his spin on a Marvel film that has instantly cemented itself as one of the best. The third entry in the Thor franchise follows our titular hero (Chris Hemsworth) on a mission to strike down the vengeful Hela (Cate Blanchett) and prevent the impending destruction of Asgard, an event known as Ragnarok. All the while coming across a few new and familiar faces to aid him on his journey. This movie's plot covers so much in such a short period of time it's impressive Waititi managed to pull it off as well as he did, it is paced mostly consistently and is a thrill ride that almost never lets up. The performances from new and returning characters are beyond exceptional and everyone, even Hela, gets ample time to shine. Everything from the visuals and the score/soundtrack, to the general tone is derived from Waititi's unique style and it fits seamlessly in this world. Chris Hemsworth is as incredible as ever as the comical yet truly heroic Thor and his journey through this story is one of many emotional highs and lows that have Hemsworth delivering some of his most exciting work. But in a film with a large cast of characters he is at times overshadowed by many of the other phenomenal characters he shares screen-time with. Tessa Thompson's Valkyrie is one of the many shining lights of this movie as she is a total badass. Move over Black Widow and Scarlett Witch, Valkyrie is here and she kicks some serious ass. What I love about her character isn't just that she's insanely strong but she is quite charismatic, has plenty of personality, and even though this is our first time meeting the character I instantly felt like I knew her and that's great character building. Then you have the presence of Mark Ruffalo's Hulk who is such a joy to watch and utilised perfectly here. Much like many of the roles in here, his contributions to the story are very much grounded in both the action and comedic realms and it proves that we really don't need a Thor standalone movie to see plenty of the Hulk we know and love. Now we move on to the villain..... and I don't mean to overhype anything but Hela is absolutely ruthless here and by far one of the greatest villains of the MCU..... i'd go so far as to say she's in my top two. Her black and green getup had me drawing instant similarities to Rita Repulsa from Power Rangers (2017), but the appearance is where the similarities stop because THIS is the Rita we should have gotten. Unlike other villains in the MCU who either stand around boasting about their power or just have thousands of 'droids' do their dirty work you really feel Hela's strength here and she proves to be a formidably tough opponent for the now hammerless God of Thunder. Cate Blanchett is as perfect as the casting gets in this movie as she is so chilling and brings a tonne of gravitas to the role. When she speaks she does so with much conviction and so powerfully you'd just take the fact that she is insanely strong at face value and surrender whilst you're still alive.There are a few other supporting roles I feel are necessary to highlight, firstly Jeff Goldblum was good as the Grandmaster and he plays the quirky role quite well. He isn't given a whole lot to do but when he is on screen he is a joy to watch. Idris Elba is back as Heimdall and his journey here is an interesting one that is crucial to the main plot and integrated into the main run of events pretty seamlessly. And then I get to what many will call the surprise standout role as every time this character is on screen it is beyond hilarious..... i'd say this character is up there with one of the funniest in the entire MCU. This hysterical character is an alien rock creature by the name of Korg played by the director himself Taika Waititi. I kid you not, every time the character opened his mouth I was pissing myself laughing, as was the rest of the theatre. He wasn't overused and had the most on point comedic timing making him the biggest surprise takeaway from this film. Now I need to touch on the real star of this entry in the MCU and why it works so damn well, and that is the looming presence of Taika Waititi over every scene. If you have seen any of his films, specifically What We Do In The Shadows you would know he has a very specific style of humour and filmmaking setting him apart from many other directors. This movie is hilarious from start to finish, but it isn't like the humour you've seen in other Marvel films, a lot of it is very subtle and will almost certainly catch you off-guard multiple times. Visually it is a stunning movie with incredible set design, costuming, and large scale visual effects that rival all that have come before it in the MCU. I saw this in IMAX and it was beautiful, the vast landscapes, scenery, and action sequences are captured so well you lose yourself in the movie on more than one occasion. The music is also another highlight, there is a great combination of score and music that highlights certain scenes very well. Also listen out for when 'Pure Imagination' from Willy Wonka begins to play..... safe to say I completely lost it. So in the end Thor: Ragnarok is an exceptional movie, the best of the Thor franchise and up there as one of the best in the MCU. Taika Waititi brings a breath of fresh air to the MCU with his unique filmmaking style making this a perfect blend of a Waititi film and a Marvel film. The performances of characters both new and old are fantastic and the movie is packed with hilarious moments, epic moments, and it is all very fun. The only gripe I have with the film is that there are a couple of short moments here and there where the pacing dips momentarily but that's only a minor fault as I left without any major dislikes from what i saw. This sets a new standard for the MCU going forward and i cannot wait to see where things go from here. 9.1/10	4
One of the more unique Marvel Movies. The MCU continues its' golden run of movies in 2017	5
By Far the best MCU movie made yet! This movie ticks all the boxes with its colourful locations! Epic action and plenty of humour that knows just when to brighten up when it starts to get dark!*brilliant setting!*awesome action!*awesome plot!*great humour!All and all Thor Ragnarok ticks all the boxes for me and dominates its predecessors! A must see for all Marvel fans and Action Junkies alike!Pssst don't forget to stay after the credits :)	5
As an Aussie, the kiwi humour was killer. As well as that the pacing had me engaged every bloody scene. I absolutely loved it. So much fun. I'm suprised I enjoyed it more than Civil War!	5
So much fun, but never too silly. Pretty much the perfect comic book movie!	4
The last few Marvel films have clearly been trying to move away from the cookie cutter format and this latest addition to the Thor franchise is another step in that direction.Ragnarok has a more playful take on the MCU and attempts to plant more comedy in its characters interactions. Unfortunately, these didn't always work and left me laughing with more of a sympathetic wince than out of truly finding something funny. I wasn't entirely sold on what they attempted to do with Bruce Banner. Both his character and Thor seemed to break off typical characterisation at times and it just seemed weird.All in all, it wasn't the best MCU film we got this year (I'd thought it would be) but it was certainly one of the better ones we've had in recent years and above Avengers: Age of Ultron which is the last time we saw Thor and Banner/Hulk.The award for best actor must go to Blanchett as Hela who does a fantastic job of creating another decent MCU villain. She's not quite Michael Keaton Vulture good but certainly wins for being the most demonic.	3
A great Marvel movie with a lot of fun and some great scenes. Easilly the best Thor Movie yet.	4
I?m loving the new direction of Marvel. Sci-Fi Action Comedy. After the serious Civil War I was so looking forward to this. Probably the best Marvel film of recent years. You have to watch this!! Also post credits scene is Eeeeeek!!	5
A far more humorous take on the god of thunder, definitely go in with an open mind. An incredible movie with superb acting.	5
Amazing movie, interesting from the beginning to the end, beautiful, great character development, one of the best of the MCU movies	5
A mixed bag but ultimately a good film. it has a rough start and is incredibly awkward at the beginning but it gets better the longer it goes on. all scenes on earth seem a bit rushed the special effects don't look complete and the actors don't seem into the scenes or the dialog but once it gets off earth it starts getting better slowly	4
Wow. I loved this movie. I think it may be my favourite MCU flick to date. Hilarious, action packed, fun, and filled with great performances. Stand outs include Thor himself Chris Hemsworth, Cate Blanchett as Hela, Tessa Thompson as Valkyrie and director Taika Wattiti as Korg! The only thing I didn't like about the movie was the Earth sequences as they felt too rushed and confusing. Overall 4.5/5	4
Calling this the best Thor movie ever is an understatement. Unlike the first two films, Thor: Ragnarok is more fun to watch with excellent performances by the main cast and outstanding visual effects. Definitely in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's top 10.	4
Ragnarok is easily the best of the Thor films - a colorful, funny space adventure with cool characters and a great soundtrack.	4
Funny, entertaining and that's about it. Nothing else is even close to good.	2
Enjoyable and inspiring.	5
Enjoyed the movie as I experienced this period in US history. Accurate account of the discrimination of that time and that still permeates our society.	3
What probably is a fine true story is given a Disney/Hallmark style treatment with a dose of US jingoism thrown in for bad measure. No thanks.	2
While Apparently was an interesting movie, a few things bother me. apparently only Alabama had super black smart women in the 1950's. The Black women I encountered couldn't make change from a dollar. Also, one does not pick up a book on Fortran, read it, and become smarter than IBM. I believe much of this movie was greatly enhanced to make a point about racism in the 50's.	3
Phenomenal! Will get you out of your seat.	4
Hidden Figures is a great movie and one of the best movies of the year and it's very inspirational.	5
My favorite of 2016! Should have won more awards.	5
***NO DREAMGIRLS, HERE... HERSTORY OF NASA'S THREE SUPREME HUMAN BEINGS***	4
WOW.. This movie exceeded every expectation I had of it. It was very refreshing to watch something that hadn't been done before, or played off of another movie. The racism, but perseverance that this movie showed was amazing. I was already crying 15 minutes in. The direction this movie took was breath taking. I will be buying this one. Amazing cast. All excellent actors.	5
Reviewed 2.17.17. I hate to rank this movie as rotten because it's a yarn I'm happy has been told. I only wish it was spun in a more compelling manner. It is basically a Lifetime Channel movie, with better acting and production values. Besides the overly rosy (all the white people are racist, and then almost magically they aren't!) and glossed over racial tensions of the time period, the movie risks nothing. Every plot turn is completely calculated; it won't throw one surprise your way. Lacks drama, humor........and for a story about such inspiring individuals.....even spirit. If feel good fluff without an ounce of grit is your bag though, mission accomplished.	1
Fantastic. I couldn't look away.	5
A feel-good movie about mathematics, the space race, and the civil rights struggle for African-American women - based on a true story. Prior to the installation of their first IBM mainframe (depicted in the film), NASA used human "computers" to check and double-check calculations; the film follows a group of three of these African American women from the "coloured computer" group. Taraji P. Henson plays Katherine G. Johnson who assisted with advanced calculations for John Glenn's first orbit around the Earth (and subsequently the Apollo 11 mission and flights in the space shuttle era). Henson's experiences in the all-white NASA offices and engineering labs shown here are, as expected, sometime unpleasant (as when she is snubbed by white colleagues) but sometimes positive (as when she is supported by white colleagues, such as boss Al Harrison, played by Kevin Costner). Janelle Monáe plays Mary Jackson who successfully became NASA's first African American female engineer (after challenging Virginia's segregated school's policy). Octavia Spencer plays Dorothy Vaughan who became NASA's first African American female supervisor, running the IBM computer lab. Although their stories are true, they remained largely unheralded until this film (which Johnson was alive to see at age 98) - so it is worth trumpeting their stereotype-breaking successes. The movie itself sticks to the feel-good playbook, providing a bit of backstory to each of the characters, a little romance for Johnson, showing their lives outside of work, a few ugly incidents (racism), and, of course, some tension before everything falls into place as a result of the hard work of these women. And it's all set to some rousing music (coordinated by Pharrell Williams). In the end, NASA benefits, the US moves ahead of the Soviets in the space race, and best of all, these women also experience gratifying personal success. However, this is the Hollywood version of their story, so don't expect anything edgy or challenging.	3
"Hidden Figures" is an extremely empowering movie for women, and is a ver well-thought out and well delivered film. All three of the lead actresses were great, Taraji P. Henson (Katherine Johnson), Octavia Spencer (Dorothy Vaughan), and Janelle Monae (Mary Jackson) all held their own, and each contributed a lot to this movie. Each of their characters were deep enough, all three of them could've each had their own movie, but I really enjoyed the way they linked all three of these stories together. The movie deals a lot with the U.S Space Program in the 60's and the "Space Race" with the Russians, and the tension within NASA during that time is definitely well translated into this movie, from the clothing, to the scenery, even down to the accents, it was all perfect. There were some times in this movie where they tried to introduce some side stories into the main plot, which didn't really contribute much to the big picture of the movie, so I feel as though some of those parts could've either gotten more time, or just been scrapped completely in order to make the important parts even better. All in all though, "Hidden Figures" is a great movie about empowerment in the 60's, and is definitely worth watching.	4
Incredible. Uplifting. Inspiring. You just have to stomach plenty of racism and prejudice, which made it partially a hard watch. But the vindication for these pioneers makes it all worth it. I cried like twenty times.	5
A Handful of excellent performances by amazing actresses, and an excellent heartbreaking and inspiring story.	5
It's just popular because it has a good message. Very cheesy.	2
Story: 10|10Visuals: 10|10Characters: 10|10Overall: 10|10 (TEN OUTTA TEN!)	5
Janelle Monae is a revelation. Between Hidden Figures and Moonlight, 2016 certainly was a year for her to shine.	4
Liked it..wondering why WE (black children) aren't taught this history in school. Lord knows we need positive role models. It is terrible that we don't know this stuff. We know the bad. WE see that on tv, in life etc. White people know all their heroes. We are taught about their heroes. Why aren't we taught about ours? SMH	4
????????????????Kevin Costner ?????????????????????	5
Taraji P. Henson does a fantastic job as the primary "Hidden Figure," but Spencer and the rest of the cast perform well also. A good story come to the big screen for all to witness.	4
Excellent story. Tons of little artistic decisions creating weird moments that kept pulling me out of the story.	4
Wonderfully acted, heartfelt, and relevant.	4
same thing in most movies about black characters we are strong, intelligent but we need a white person to save the day	2
To watch a film based on real events about 3 black women excelling in mathematics and science at NASA is a rare treat. These women, that I'm sure most of us have never heard of before, have to overcome a lot of obstacles in order to achieve the goal of getting someone into space. Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monae are all excellent in this film and have great chemistry together and Jim Parsons and Kirsten Dunst are great as the main antagonists of the film. The film also has a nice balance in tone with some humorous moments and some more serious moments but the romantic subplot of the film is a little flat and those scenes are some of the weakest in the film. Overall it's an enjoyable film with an inspiring message and would recommend watching it.	4
very very nicely done.	4
Very entertaining movie based on fact, it's the story of three Afro-American woman who worked as math experts for NASA starting in the early sixties during JFK's race for space campaign. It's very well acted (especially Kevin Costner, who gives one of his better performances in some time). The film explores a piece of history that many of us didn't even know about. It's shot in a bright, cheery style, even though it deals with some heavy handed issues of race and sexism, I also enjoyed the music a lot, which is courtesy of Hans Zimmer and Pharrell Williams amongst other. The only thing I didn't like, and which has nothing to do with the film making persei, is that, even after all these years, the social stigma around sex and race still exists, especially in the current sociopolitical climate of the United States of Amerca	4
Surprised me. I really like the characters and was interested in the story.	4
Strong performances, good story, and adequate themes. Worth a view.	4
This was an excellent film. The cast worked very well together and you could really feel the racial and gender tension between the characters. Excellent job by both the cast and crew!	5
excellent movie that is enjoyable and not heavy handed. The point is made while there is also plenty of levity. The acting is great.	4
Uplifting with a positive message	5
Best movie I have seen in 2017! This film should be shown in schools.	5
It's engaging. Director did a great job in presenting the struggles of talented womens' back then and how wonderfully they fought their way through.	4
Fabulous movie based upon historical events, showing that women, too, can be brilliant mathematicians. And African American women at that!!	5
This movie is incredible--loved everything about it! Excellent acting, writing, & directing! Inspiring historical reminders throughout. Can't wait to watch it again!	5
Sometimes a bit too sappy, which the film didn't need. These women are amazing in their roles and the film is still enjoyable overall. But next time, I hope the Hallmark sap is reserved for Hallmark.	4
How is it possible that I have not heard of these women until this movie? What an inspiring story that deserves to be told and this movie tells it in an immensely entertaining way.	5
Inspiring from beginning to end.	4
Better than I thought it'd be. Very much enjoyed it.	4
News flash: Racism and sexism are bad. As I watched this I kept saying in Mr. Mackey's voice, "Racism is bad, mmkay."	1
9/16/17 I appreciate the story and their contribution, but this didn't really hit me as that great. THey worked hard for the government and were underappreciated. That's about it. The story played out pretty much exactly as i expected so it felt a little formulaic. It's decent, but in my view, over rated. I didn't find it too surprising that "published" critics rated this very high, while the average RT reviewer was much more critical of the film being very average.	3
One of the most inspiring movies I've seen in a very long time. What an exciting time it was - civil rights, space - a new world was dawning. These women, though not well known, moved everyone forward. The lead actresses were wonderful and brought the story to life.	5
The other side story of the historic event!This film did not just represented the black people, but the women as well. Today we talk about discrimination against women, though this film is an example that it all had started way long ago, yet the struggle has not ended. Anyway, this is a biopic, a biopic of three women and their struggle not just being a black, but being women. When the nation was eager to send its first man to the space, there was some trouble within the team who are behind it to work together as one. Lots of inspiring events reveal how the history was made and the working culture was changed forever inside the NASA.The film was nominated for the Oscars in the three slots, but did not win any. That's fine, because I would prefer those real women to be recognised over what this film had achieved. All the three actresses were good. Their roles were unique from one another. Really a wonder film about three real persons in one film. Something rare in films to highlight their achievements equally. The personal life, as well as their professional was well briefed.The others like Kevin and Dunst in small part were also good. Directed by just a one film old filmmaker. He did good. The screenplay was adapted from the book of the same name. Deserved all the awards and praises it had received. After seeing how it had ended, a sequel could be possible. Mission Moon. I hope they would consider it! Seems a nice idea!8/10	4
The scene between Kirsten Dunst and Octavia Spencer in the newly desegregated restroom is one of the films best. I've always said that behind every racist white man is a racist white woman.	4
Finally saw this movie last night on HBO. It was wonderful. Probably the most consistently conservative / christian themed movie I had seen in many years.	5
Insightful and riveting movie that centers around 3 very intelligent women and their role in a pivotal NASA/American historical moment. If I could give it 10 stars, I would. A must watch.	5
There's an important story here somewhere. But this Lifetime melodrama rarely rises about it's self importance. The dialogue between the principals is sophomoric at best.	2
(5.5 out of 6)When we see we have away with numbers, away with words, and away with our hands when we get out of some predicaments. When others are having their way on us when countries compete for the space. When getting our way is harder to come by when somethings stand in our way. When getting our way is what we all wish to achieve. When having it our way is harder to come by when we are different then most and different then almost everybody. When having it our way is what others need to see and the country wants when our way is to be #1. When we still have to follow others ways when delegating authority. When we see our way of doing things we have only few resources to rely on when we have away to listen and keep an eye on what is ahead of us. When our way is the only way when we our the only one head behind everything. When we follow others ways, others ways don't work and nobody gets their way in the end of the day when there is no ways working. When the only way we see working is our way progressing and spear heading our culture. When our ways is not others ways when others bicker over what is the right way to spear head our culture. When the way we conduct our life and family we enjoy our ways when it makes sense and has purpose when we all aim for a calculable goal. When others ways conflict with our ways we try to make sense with what we are missing and put two and two together to problem solve. When some ways are strict when we are dealing with a national crisis that we need to conduct our way as so for the good of the country we serve. When our ways are right with compromising others ways to know we know the right way to go with little we are given. When we see new ways are coming into place when times are changing and old ways are slower and inaccurate. When the ways life is done here making strides is harder when there is little and no room for errors to jepordize. When there is only one way to follow and that's the way written up by those on top to follow. When others naturally have away with women and people when they are the only one not to worry. When others don't get along with many, when many can easily replace us our ways are hostile. When we have to follow others ways to find another way in. When other ways in we get in through a helpful connection. When we can't help but enjoy our ways when it is booming full of great talent and those coming up. When not all ways we enjoy, we protest when somethings come down. When we see others ways are working but don't know how when others are 1st in somethings. When our ways need to change when we need to find away to do it. When our way is to over work everyone and put more time into it, change the way how others see eachother and work together. When our ways is against the law and chaotic, when only space matters not politics. When we do see our ways work when we are successful. When what we know we are good at we put our way to better use when our way needs an upgrade. When our way has proven to be right to put our full faith in our ways first. When life is just the way it is that it is hard to change or easy to change depending on who wants to follow. When our ways don't always work that we need to always change and alternate our ways to new plans. When our way is much more easier but others dont  care how hard we make our ways to be when we are both working the same goal. When ways change and time is of the essence to only follow the way some trajectories are headed and determine how long we can get there. When other ways in we get in when we know what others dont know how to function and control. When our way is only effective when we got the right support backing us. When we show how effective our way can be when we bypass through others way to get there. When we live in a time where changes in plans happen that there is away to write down and erase when we have chalk and a chalkboard to find away. When we see we get closer to reaching our goals when some ways work that we follow. When some ways are only obselete when they serve no purpose. When our way is always right to double check others ways to see if they are right. When we have away with all elements that awaits us to have a solution with the right minds guiding our way there and back. When we showed another way how we can make a mark into this world, finding away underneath all the unknown and slowly making our way even further to a greater goal when we are on our way into history books. When we don't normally see who is behind those finding there way to make such fleets of accomplishments happen to meet 3 women behind the scenes hidden from society making way for it to happen. When we find away to find the hidden figures needed to make a calculation possible, only our way works when we have an eye for such things.	4
great film this was,based on a true story at nasa highly reccomend	5
For anyone who doesn't remember or acknowledge what the true price of white supremacy is, see this movie. A film that so movingly conveys the real heroism that helped build this country.	5
Great movie. I can watch this over and over	4
It can be reasonably stated that there have been many films that deal with segregation, racism, and breaking the color barrier. And Hidden Figures definitely plays out many of the tropes that appear in these films. However, the story it tells is tied to another important historical moment: John Glenn's orbit around Earth. The story of three African-American women who are mathematicians at NASA in the early 1960s is an important one to tell. It is a bit surprising that this had not been told prior to this film and the book it is based upon. Given the current tensions we are living through, Hidden Figures is an important film to watch.	4
Fascinating movie about a part of history I knew nothing about. The cast was excellent, the story was both touching and inspiring.	4
An incredible must-see history piece which should be included in high schools curriculums. Brilliant acting, witty and delivers a powerful message.	5
very good movie indeed.. a must watch...	5
It was fine. Just fine. A lot of math, haha!Although really only the older two ladies should be pictured on the front. But I get that they were long time all hard-working best friends.	4
This biographical drama, based on a true story, weaves together a romance, white/black relations, and science. I wasn't sure how successfully it managed to achieve a balance between all three of these elements, and how accurate the depictions and sentiments were. Nonetheless this is an entertaining and informative film, and I especially enjoyed its retro feel. AAN	3
what a beautiful film!	5
Funny and emotional at times, cheesy most of the time. Not an award-winning drama, but an entertaining film which succeeds at teaching the history it wants to teach. Kevin Costner and Octavia Spencer act as themselves, while Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae do an extraordinary job.	3
This was great. While enlightening you on the issues these three had, it still had a positive spin to the lives of these three women.	4
Not that my needed to be added to the heap, but here it is. I LOVED THIS FILM. I can't quite say why, but I found it deeply emotional. I watched it on a recent plane journey and wept through much of it causing more than a few concerned glances from my fellow passengers. I wish I had watched it in the cinema purely because the audio was so bad on the plane, but even in spite of that it made me weep. I loved it so much that I very seriously considered watching again immediately after finishing it the first time. Then I noticed that the in-flight entertainment system was showing Fast and Furious 8. I wish I'd watched Hidden Figures again.	5
Really good movie! Never knew that about history.	5
This movie about mathematicians calculating trajectories really wasn't very exciting.	3
Excellent movie about real life events in history. Reminded of inspiration and accomplishment of "Apollo 13", but not quite to that level. Both 5-star movies nonetheless. Worthy and well done film.	5
excellent movie which both larry and i enjoy watching about how 3 particular black american women help NASA advance in the space wars of the 1960's.	5
GREG: (Greg Smith, Founder of Agile Writers of Richmond, VA) We re introduced to three African American women stranded on the road in 1960 s Virginia. They are computers - women who perform computations for NASA s space program. Katherine Goble (Taraji P. Henson) performs computations for the Mercury program. Mary Jackson (Janelle Mon e) works as an engineer in the wind tunnels for the Mercury. And Dorothy Vaughan (Octavia Spencer) acts as a supervisor for the other computing women, all of whom are Black. Goble has been reassigned to work on the trajectories for the upcoming manned-flights of the Mercury program. She is dismissed by the other mathematicians because she is a woman, and a Black woman at that. Among her many challenges is the fact that the restrooms in the facility are segregated. And the only colored rest room for women is across the campus. She frequently has to run a half mile to use the ladies room - taking her work with her.SCOTT: (Dr. Scott Allison, Professor of Psychology, University of Richmond) Meanwhile, Mary diagnoses a problem in the experimental space capsules heat shields, inspiring her to pursue an engineering degree. She convinces a judge to grant her permission to attend night classes at an all-white school. Dorothy learns that a huge new IBM computer will replace her co-workers. She sneaks into the computer room and successfully operates the machine. At the library she is scolded for visiting the whites-only section on computer programming. She teaches herself Fortran and is promoted to supervise the programming department, arranging for her women co-workers to be transferred there.GREG: There aren t many movies featuring women in technology, let alone women of color. Most of our images of engineers and scientists are of young men (see The Social Network). What is marvelous about this film is that it features three such women. They not only have to face gender stereotypes, but also battle racial divides. The common trope in films dealing with race is that there is a white benefactor who lifts the African American up to where they belong. We see this in such films as The Blind Side, 42, and Race. But in Hidden Figures we re witness to women who deal with their stereotyped roles head on and fend for themselves. It s a refreshing change. I was moved to tears watching Mary stand before a judge and plead her case to be allowed into an all-white community college. I know people who have had to fight for what they have earned. But they deal with a level playing field. Mary has the deck stacked against her. She not only has to change the mind of the white judge who blocks her way into school, but that of her militant husband who believes that violence is the only answer. Hidden Figures delivers three powerful examples of women overcoming prejudice on their own terms.SCOTT: You re absolutely right, Greg. Hidden Figures shows the shattering of two barriers, gender and race, in the early 1960s. I had never heard this true story of these three remarkable women, and I m ashamed of either myself, or the system in which I was raised that suppressed this story, or both. These three heroes won my heart and earned my deepest respect. Like Jackie Robinson in 42, they knew that breaking barriers required them to take the high road when encountering inevitable prejudice and pushback. Their lives and careers were complex, difficult, way-paving and inspiring to say the least. There may not have been any overt White helpers per se, but one cannot overlook the open-mindedness of people who assisted or supported these women s efforts. Al Harrison (Kevin Costner) deserves kudos in his supervisory role, helping Katherine Goble adjust to her new position and even taking a sledgehammer to the whites only restroom sign. The judge who bends an existing exclusionary rule also helps Mary get the education she seeks. There almost have to be people in the majority race who step up to do the right thing in the service of our heroes. Having said that, I agree that this film more than most others we ve seen emphasizes the independent nature of our heroes quest to break their barriers.GREG: We see some good mentoring and leadership in Dorothy s character. She recognizes that the world is changing and that computing machines are the next big thing. So she learns the FORTRAN computing language and teaches it to her staff. So, when the machine finally work, and the management is looking for programmers, Dorothy is ready with 30 women trained to go. I liked Hidden Figures very much. I often look for the seams in a movie where the structure shows through. But I was so engrossed in the story that the seams fell away. We have three different and connected hero s journeys - and each got ample screen time. The movie is inspirational to women and people of color, but it also shines a bright light on STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics). Women and minorities are often left behind in the STEM world, and I think Hidden Figures will inspire a new generation of engineers. I give Hidden Figures 5 out of 5 Reels. Scott, we often look for transformation in our heroes, but sometimes the heroes transform others instead. Katherine showed that she could do a job as well as any white man. In so doing she changed the culture of NASA to be more inclusive. Dorothy broke barriers by becoming the first black woman to be a supervisor at NASA. And Mary changed the educational system to allow blacks into their community college. In each case the transformation was on society as a whole, rather than in the heroes. I give these three women 5 out of 5 Heroes. It s hard to find good mentors, and Hidden FIgures is no different. Each of these women had to forge onward using their own skills and intelligence. But they did it essentially alone. When you re the first to arrive in the special world there often isn t someone there to act as a mentor. We did witness some good mentoring in Dorothy and her team of computers. So I can only muster 2 Mentor points. Movie: Mentors: Heroes:SCOTT: All your praise directed at Hidden Figures is right on the mark, Greg. These brave, remarkable women did what society s best heroes do, namely, set out on a journey that will bring them pain and resistance from others, defying social conventions that need defying. This movie deserves strong consideration for Best Picture in 2016. I also give it 5 Reels out of 5. As with other way-pavers and barrier-breakers, these Hidden Figures are both transformed and transforming. We talk about heroes being both the source and the target of transformation in our latest book, Reel Heroes & Villains. These women grow in their courage and resilience, and they have no doubt (and will no doubt) inspire generations of historically oppressed individuals to reach for the stars, both literally and figuratively. I give our heroes 5 Hero points out of 5. There is mentoring going on in this movie but as we ve pointed out, this film emphasizes the fierce independence of these women. Yes, they got help of course, but their success derived mostly from their own innate talent and indomitable spirit. I ll award 3 mentor points out of 5 for the subtle ways that our Hidden Figures received little nudges of help behind the scenes. Movie: Mentors: Heroes:	5
You won't be disappointed	4
Brilliant film and soundtrack	4
4.5/5. An extremely interesting look at the history of NASA with excellent performances by everyone involved. Hidden Figures handles the elements of racism and sexism well and does not come off heavy handed. And it's a damn shame Taraji P. Henson wasn't at least nominated for Best Actress.	4
Great inspirational movie with fantastic characters and a true story.	4
Exceptional movie. Set in the early 60's and touching on the racial tensions of the time this movies shows how one group of people made a huge difference in the lives of Americans while fighting racism at home.	4
Perfect! Excellent acting, wonderful story, inspirational, heroiy, unveils a hidden story of American heroism.	5
Inspirational, well acted and dramatically balanced...	3
A very interesting and fun movie!	4
Unbelievable movie. Terrific homage to lesser known figures in our nation's and world's history. Great inclusion of race and gender issues as well.	5
What a great movie a must see very moving & a great out come for all races	5
The story of a team of female African-American mathematicians who served a vital role in NASA during the early years of the U.S. space program.... and oh boy ... those women had a hard life to make their way. It's incredible how bad it was for black people just 50 years ago and for them being black and women even harder to make their way and progress in men world ... anyway, it's really good film to watch ... piece of history that is ...	4
Good movie that is well acted and well written.Better than Moonlight but not the best or top three movies of 2016.	3
A truly amazing movie	5
Now here is a movie that should have been movie of the year! I loved everything about this film. Seeing Taraji P Henson in a totally different roll outside of Empire was amazing! She should have won and academy award. All the Leading ladies were great! This movie is highly recommended. This history behind this movie is very interesting too.	5
Feel good, reality check based on real history!	5
I think this is a film everyone should see. It's an inspirational film about 3 brilliant women fighting to be noticed in their chosen careers during the civil rights movement of the 1960's. The film essentially focuses on the space race between America and Russia with the Americans initially falling behind due to their lack of expertise. Unbeknown to them, the expertise they require is working locked in a basement of Nasa specifically sealed off from the rest of the staff due to their race. Once recognised these women still struggle to do their jobs efficiently due to the barriers they face which again are only there because of their race. Despite this they continue to fight to do their jobs because there are higher things at stake than their own happiness. All 3 actresses give stand out performances and the film kept me hooked throughout and that can be quite a difficult task when maths is involved. I think this is a film that should be shown in schools, to inspire school children to reach a little higher.	4
Refreshing and with sound directing and the way a movie should be presented. Great acting by all. Loved it and the message it delivers.	4
Very well done movie with great acting and good timing.	4
"Hidden Figures" doesn't do much to transcend the feel-good barrier breaking movie genre, but it is one of the more polished, uplifting entries.	3
Extraordinary film that shows how race has just about nothing to do with knowledge. The scene where one of them officially claims that the bathroom for them is at a ridiculous location got my attention rather throughly. I can't say it's the first time diversity is taught in a film, but this stands out on it's own quite nicely.	4
What a famtastic movie. The movie was great and the acting was great. This movie was one of the best movies of the year.	5
The true story of three black women in the institutional halls of 1960s NASA, struggling to prove their value in engineering and mathematics while also sending John Glenn into orbit. It's a nice story and a strong moral, if a bit on the safe side. Nothing seems terribly difficult for these women, whether it's theoretical physics or racial equality, which reduces the power of their eventual success. One early scene epitomizes this attitude: broken down on the side of the road, they're approached by a stereotypical southern white policeman. Though internally panicked, they proudly stand their ground and deflect his barbs, and moments later he's giving them a friendly escort to the workplace. Faced with any degree of adversity, they merely hunker down, redouble their efforts and glide to victory. Which is admirable, and possibly truthful, if not especially gripping. The acting is good - Taraji P. Henson is most memorable as a mousey mother of three whose sole public outburst provides the film's only major dash of flavor - but the plot is too interested in lobbing softballs when it could've been pitching something with teeth. A warm, simple tale, appropriate viewing for a Sunday night with the family if not for challenging conventions.	3
Great movie! All around, very well acted, great storytelling with an inspiring message.	4
Hidden Figures brings great performances and powerful messages to NASA industry without having to focus too much on racial and sexes conflicts, which I was hoping this didn't make it into it's main component.	4
An important story told in an entertaining way with fine performances all round.	4
Hidden Figures tells an important and largely unheard chapter in modern scientific achievement and social history. Melfi's aim is clearly to tell this story to the masses, keeping Hidden Figures unashamedly mainstream. The trio of central performances are well balanced delivering humour and pathos. The plot flows from A to B with ease, character arcs are far from complex and the result is a pleasant, undemanding watch. But this is not intended as a criticism. After all you don't need to torture the audience to produce a memorable cinematic experience. What is delivered is a thoroughly engaging, emotionally powerful and satisfyingly uplifting movie.	4
Wonderful story, very impressed with the sets and costumes.	4
One of the best films seen in a long time. Well documented and brilliantly acted.	5
Loved this movie a must see	5
Loved it, very good and kept me invested the whole time.	4
Amazing! Watch this film.	5
Fresh story-telling, lovely performances all around, combined with an amazing story transcend this film beyond the mere MOW it could have been.I LOVED THIS FILM.I must clarify - there are many films out there that tell inspirational historical moments that are, in themselves, powerful stories. However, those films can rely on the power of the story itself and the film-making can go by the wayside. The story is so good that we forgive the saccharin movie-making (i.e. The Blind Side - sorry...but it's true!)."The story is the star." I'll say.This film DOES NOT fall into that trap.Great performances, an apt musical score, astute art direction, avoiding melodrama and preachiness - this film truthfully conveys a period in our history time when this country was doing great things without ignoring the unfortunate cultural climate of the time. We are introduced to powerful characters (all beautifully portrayed) who must negotiate the cultural environment to play an integral part within the fledgling space program.A MUST - SEE.	4
Fantastic story. Great acting. Good direction... Human interest at its best!	5
The negativity of its period with mistreatment is least than expected, which makes this a pleasant picture as that celebrates the spirit of the accomplishment from the titular "Hidden Figures", who were performed and casted perfectly next to the rest of the nice ensemble cast and other merits into the storytelling. (A-)(Full review TBD)	4
Three brilliant African-American women at NASA -- Katherine Johnson (Taraji P. Henson), Dorothy Vaughan (Octavia Spencer) and Mary Jackson (Janelle Monáe) -- serve as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history: the launch of astronaut John Glenn (Glen Powell) into orbit, a stunning achievement that restored the nation's confidence, turned around the Space Race and galvanized the world.	3
loved this movie. a must see	5
Actually, this was a really good movie. They tried to make it racial to the viewer, but I don't look at it that way. Costner's character was spot on for dealing with predjudice. If you can do the work those women portrayed that well, you deserve recognition and a huge promotion regardless of your skin color.	5
Brilliant acting of powerful women in history. Taraji's bathroom monologue was the best, she deserved an Oscar nom.	3
In a time when Oscar films are renowned for being dull and tedious, Hidden Figures radiates charm and is quite possibly this year's best motion picture. Centered around an impactful story and supported by fantastic performances, it's no surprise the film inspires as much as it entertains. Never have I enjoyed watching a biographical drama as much as I did watching Hidden Figures and the reason for that is the lively, funny, and empowering qualities that aren't meant to bait Academy Award nominations, but to actually be experienced and loved. A day may come when the Academy will grant blockbuster films a chance at winning awards and this film is definitely a great start.	4
Good reflection of the life of many Black pioneers	4
The 1960's, a decade where the epic Space Race between Soviet Union and the United States took place.Pioneers in space engineering and astronomical science, these "hidden" figures played some of the most important role which contributed to the success of US.Ironically, racism and segregation was the very reason of everything.	4
loved these women enough to have glassy eyes throughout. one could tire of the gobsmacked white man reaction every time a black lady entered a room, if it weren't so sadly accurate and emotionally gutting. black girl power.	4
Truly inspirational. To think of all the daily petty slights these women had to endure day in and day out and STILL perform at the highest level of their profession and capabilities. Amazing.	4
An important film about important women who helped NASA become what they stand for. Heartwearming, funny but at times also tragic to see how hard the road was for them in those times.	3
Really engaging storytelling and performances - comparable to Apollo 13. It's apparently not entirely historically accurate, but I'll allow some license to be taken in telling the broader story.	4
It was so overrated. It was horribly made. Cliche, passe for my taste. Two thumbs way down!	1
What a breath of fresh air to see a movie that focuses on powerful and capable black women... I can't believe that it took so long for this story to get made into a movie. This film shines a light on the inherent inequality of "separate but equal". It focuses on the small things, the day-today logistics of trying to live equally in an unequal world, and is all the more powerful for it. The characters are fighting systemic racism rather than overt racism, and that battle is even more daunting a fight. It'll piss you off, for sure. The acting is outstanding across the board, the story is very well-written, but the directing for me was just ho-hum. Yeah, it's an amazing story, and one that it is high time was told, but it could have been told with more pizzazz and originality. If it weren't for its incredible subject, the film itself is pretty standard movie fare. The writing is the best thing about it - it's well paced and includes a good deal of humor, which is always welcome with such serious subject matter. Best of all, it is not emotionally manipulative like I expected it to be. However, even though there is no mustache-twirling evil racist villain, it does fall back on the "good white people" and "bad white people" characterizations, and even the "good" white people are totally-self serving. I'm sure not everybody in the 60s fell so neatly into one of those two categories. Regardless, it's shocking to realize that this stuff happened only 50-off years ago. That's not very long, and we still have a long way to go.	4
"Hidden Figures - is an essential film that deserves multiple viewings. Enlivened by three outstanding performances from Taraji Henson, Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monae, this film shows the true struggles and endearing perseverance on those who had worked/lived during those times, especially made difficult and unjust if you were of color and a woman."	4
Exceptional performances, brilliant story, carried the weight of the times without being too much or too little.	5
Excellent on every level. Story was fun and meaningful and real.	4
The power of Hidden Figures is in the story. More, it is in the storytelling. It is not fancy, nor does it push any boundaries. It simply lets the story speak for itself. And speak it does. With strong performances across the board, HIdden Figures helps shed some light on a little known story of the Jim Crow era that helped not only to progress the rights of African American women, but changed the world in a big way at a time when the race to space dominated culture and politics. If I am honest, I feel ashamed to say I was not aware of the four women at the heart this film, which I suppose reflects the sentiment of the film's title. But this is why Hidden Figures was so successful with both audiences and critics. It opened my eyes and entertained me while doing it. While all of the performances stand out in their own right, Taraji P. Henson was especially notable. The way she embodies a set of mannerisms foreign to her natural tendencies is a testament to the way she throws herself into her character. It is almost understated but incredibly effectual. She helps ground the scope of the story, which could have gotten lost in the grand picture of space and the promise of the new frontier, in the human element, which in actuality is where the most compelling parts of the story flow out of. As impressive as it is to consider the groundbreaking efforts that led to the first orbits of the earth (and these moments are intense), it is the subtlety of scenes such as having to run across Nasa headquarters just to use a "colours only" bathroom sign, or the intimate family portraits that show a husband and wife, children and parents trying to find their way in a segregated landscape that sticks with me in the end.	4
A very insightful and against-all-odds true story of some of NASA's finest ...and most overlooked. A recommend for everyone to watch. Should be required viewing in schools from here on. Rating: 8.5/10	4
Awesome women doing fabulous stuff on the face of horrendous prejudice.	4
Though it falls into conventional story telling a little to easily, "Hidden Figures" is a fine, enthusiastic tribute to its subjects, brought to life by a strong ensemble cast.	3
Great historical movie	5
May as well have been a Disney movie, but it's a story that needed to be told. These three ladies are something special.	3
Compelling story diluted by a cartoonish and sappy tone. While I am glad this film brought these women's contributions to light, as a movie it underwhelms.	2
Inspiring tale of three remarkable women in a time of adversity. Hidden Figures left me with a smile on my face. It's great to see a major studio still taking a chance on a mid budget intelligent film among endless superhero fare.	4
Strange film, this feels like they've spent so long polishing it to an Oscar sheen that actually the true strength of the story has been lost. I don't doubt that the story is true I just massively doubt that nearly any of it happened as depicted here. This has been reduced to a Hallmark movie for Mums.	2
Very,very,good I like the twist even if there isn't a twist I like the lesson they taught very good but when I watched it the audience kept clapping and it was very annoying it's like oh they kissed *claps* oh my god like just stop clapping anyways the lesson that was taught was cooler than my ice cream overall 4/5. -lundsey	4
Great acting of 3 women! Enough said ;)	4
This movie is powerful, awesome, and just over all a great movie. Fully enjoyed it more than I thought I would!	4
Simpàtica con un fuerte alegato feminista, pero nominarla a mejor pelìcula es mucho.	3
I really, really wanted to like this movie because of its social importance. However, it doesn't even pass the "replay test"; I don't see myself watching it again. It was nice, but it just wasn't magnetic. I wish the side story had been removed. It often irritates me when movies add personal drama reportedly to increase a story's depth. Not interested. Also, it almost feels like the screenwriters might have taken some creative license here. What are the odds that three best friends who carpool together to work all become ground-breaking figures in their respective disciplines? It's like figuring the odds that three children growing up on the same block all grow up to be senators. It's highly unlikely. Two of the women get their big breaks on the same morning. I wanted the writers to put more realism into the script. I am sure they were all great at their jobs, but I felt like I was missing information about the connection between the three women. Precisely how much intersection was there truly between their lives? When did they meet each other? Were they all innately ambitious, or did they influence each other to become ambitious? Or did they simply work in the same location without necessarily being that close? Did they get hired around the same time? I remember some voiceover description about the beginning of their careers, but it wasn't enough to stick with me. How did the carpooling arrangement start? I needed something extra there that was just missing from the story. I feel like, if one of them were to write a memoir, the true story wouldn't be quite as coincidental.	2
BHidden Figures is an interesting and important historical drama that overcomes its minor narrative flaws and slightly overlong run-time to tell a story that should be known by all.	4
It was a fun, one time flick	3
Absolutely fantastic.	5
Amazing film truly amazing	5
Great inspiration movie starring one girl from the help, the girl from the tv show empire. I really enjoyed this film, if you need something inspiring then watch this, would I watch this again, no I probably wouldn't. You know why, because it's your ordinary Oscar inspiration movie, it's good but not good enough to see again. It definitely is Oscar worthy but in my opinion, I wouldn't watch it again.	4
Outstanding movie. Nice to see those great stories made into films. Uplifting movie. I appreciated the academia component to it as well	4
This is such a brilliant film!! I'm so glad I bought it!! I'm feeling quite emotional having just finished it... oh my goodness those women! Wow!! I love comic book films but it's films like Hidden Figures that make me think we need more True Stories made into movies!! Just WOW!! I will watch this again & again! So inspiring!!	5
I loved this movie, a meaningful and beautiful story	5
A great family movie!!	5
Hidden Figures is a heartwarming film. It is about a a team of female African-American mathematicians who served a vital role in NASA during the early years of the U.S. space program. Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer, and Janelle Monae give excellent performances. The screenplay is well written. Theodore Melfi did a great job directing this movie. I enjoyed watching this motion picture because of the drama. Hidden Figures is a must see.	5
Inspirational. Great acting.	4
Its about time that these women got their due. A piece of history, sadly, not taught in school. Bravo to the best put together cast in a long time which kept me engaged and thoroughly interested in their journey. Kirsten Dunst may have had a small role but the ending was powerful and said volumes of what we wish and hope we can get to in a truly "equal" world. Funny and well written this movie was completely enjoyable.	4
This movie was very enjoyable and interesting. Great music and great story.	4
great movie I highly recommend.	5
Everything what a girl wants to see in a movie and everything what a man needs.	4
It's hard to judge a film like this because the story is undeniable incredible, but the execution and screenplay hardly does it justice. The film comes off as cheesy at times mostly due to its PG rating for a subject more suited to a PG-13 rating.	3
Hidden figures is everything you want in a film regarding civil rights; its tremendous cast hits your empathy button and you cannot help but feel and cheer for every setback and triumph. The only fault is that the film takes liberties in the degree of racism and segregation and it makes the film more cliche than I prefer.	3
So good! There is something so inspiring about space race stories, and on top of that the stories of these women who had to work twice as hard to get less than half the credit. Loved seeing the math featured so prominently, too, even if it is way beyond my understanding. ??	5
Good movie, good story, great acting.	4
Now this is an actual MOVIE: entertaining, beautiful, interesting characters. Great story and fantastic cast. Now I have seen Tarji P. Henson in many roles and she always delivers a very smart passionate performance that serves the story above all things. And this is no exception, in fact she is fantastic as the lead and I truly believe she is as clever and intelligent as the woman she is playing. And it's got Mahershala Ali in it so it's got to be good! :)	4
The ultimate feel-good movie.	4
Very well done. Good discussion in Book to Film Club tonight.	4
Absolutely outstanding.	5
It's hard to judge a film like this because the story is undeniable incredible, but the execution and screenplay hardly does it justice. The film comes off as cheesy at times mostly due to its PG rating for a subject more suited to a PG-13 rating.	3
What a great movie! What a great story! Had me in tears on the Airplane. I plan to watch it again at Home. A Must See.	5
Great movie. It's a inspiration to all. You can do whatever you want if you work hard for it!	5
This is a great movie... but... you do perceive you're being manipulated by the biased, radical left agendas of the Hollywood elite - which you are. It's all too evident. Many of the scenes have been embellished to promote those agendas, and do not reflect historical truth (see Wikipedia discussion), such as the "colored bathroom sign" scene, and the "control room scene," in which they invite Katherine in to observe the launch. While, the racial and gender biases portrayed, obviously did exist in the 50's & 60's in some parts of the country, some were natural extensions of the societies that existed at the time (e.g. state of natural families and the roles of the members (fathers and mothers) of those families, gender roles of the time, etc.). However, if you can get past the manipulation... it is a great movie... and... it does tell a bit of history... which, previously appears to have been ignored.	4
Fantastic movie follows the lives of several brilliant African America women in the 60's who are discriminated against due to their race. If you've seen and like Apollo 13, this movie is a must!	5
Bland and preachy. (First and only viewing - 5/30/2017)	2
The true story of three black women who worked on the NASA space program in the 1960s. While using their maths and other intellectual skills to help the US put a man in orbit around the Earth and ultimately on the Moon, they face prejudice and discrimination at every turn, some of which is state-endorsed.Interesting, moving story. A reminder of the racial prejudices that existed in the US only 50 years ago, many of which was statute-enshrined. The movie shows how these prejudices are broken down when people realise that race has no impact on ability. Not overly original in its themes, but well told, and told in an original setting. The fact that this is based on a true story helps too.	4
One of those feel good movies that make you go 'WTF America?'	4
Great, great movie. I was really sad I couldn't see it in the cinemas and was extremely happy to see it on the plane. A must see to not only all women of colour, but all women with engineering/science minds, women, who wondered into male territory. There were women in history, who had to fight with not only gender, but also race discrimination. Only problem: you may got strange looks if you cry on the plane	5
I hate feminism (the hypocritical application of the dictionary version) and the stodgy dollop of political correctness that is served up with many of today's films. I like a film to be a film, and not some vehicle to insert ideologies into my head. But this one was good. I liked it. It entertained me. It had a good story and good charactersIf it was some form of covert propaganda, it did it well enough.My wife and I are interracial. When the movie ended I said two things, which got a laugh. "HE made HER a cup of coffee, like a little bitch"and"So it was mainly white men who got a man into space." Obviously not the main theme of the movie (but it was there, so a little shout out to the people the movie wasn't aimed at).Humour, people. Humour. That's what's going to solve this whole thing. This movie had humour, warmth, and it wasn't blamey.	3
Racism makes me mad, this movie made me mad, but in a good way. #NotSupportingRacism	4
Love this movie and watch it whenever I need to be inspired	5
An inspiring story that is also a poignant reminder of how unfair Segregation was. A good movie for girls, and their fathers and brothers.	4
Movies like this should be made mandatory in history classes.	5
A great film that fills you with hope and aspirations.	5
Well, it's my kind of History movie, poignant and inspiring, but also outrageous	5
everyone should watch this once, fun, true and a good message	3
An enjoyable drama highlighting accomplishments many would have left forgotten.	3
Pretty much a perfect movie	5
What a wonderful movie. I'm kinda mad I didn't know this story or the contributions of these women.	5
very good movie i love history movies this is a great one	5
Need to see this movie, this story is too important for people not to know	4
IT IS THE BEST MOVIE OF THE YEAR. It includes both drama and comedy with perfect fluency. I believe this movie should have won the oscar instead of La La Land.	5
Good film overall. I'd like to see more like this.	4
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Good ð??¨â??ð??©â??ð??¦â??ð??¦ð??¨â??ð??©â??ð??¦â??ð??¦ð??¨â??ð??©â??ð??¦â??ð??¦ð??¨â??ð??©â??ð??¦â??ð??¦ð??¨â??ð??©â??ð??¦â??ð??¦ð??¨â??ð??©â??ð??¦â??ð??¦ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???	5
This is a really good family movie. A lot of laughs and seriousness. It really shows how people were mistreated back in the 60's.	4
excellent job ladies...great movie..	5
Loved it! Learned a little was totally entertained.	5
The most striking thing about "Hidden Figures" is that you keep waiting for it to hit you with the Civil Rights sledgehammer, and it never really does. Sure, it's about civil rights, and it has good strong moral things to say: but here's a film that knows you get farther by enchanting people than lecturing them. While all of the lead characters participate a little bit in the Strong Black Woman archetype (because the characters ARE strong black women), they're also rich with individuality and human interest. Caricatures of white prejudice drift through, but truthfully: most of the whites are not "hateful," they're more neglectful. They don't think about blacks.... until talent, persistence, class, and charm force them to rely on the main characters. Loss of a half-star because the math-scenes and inevitable she-discovered-the-formula scenes are lazy and by-rote, but it's forgivable in a film this good. Should be watched by every American to remind us of why we need each other so very badly, now more than ever before in my lifetime.	4
"Hidden Figures" is an inspirational and feel-good biopic that fires on all cylinders. It tells a story that will resonate with you emotionally and keeps your interest. The performances delivered by the three main actresses are all top notch and all of the supporting work is also good. I think it is an important movie to watch that serves as a reminder that sometimes the least talked about contributions from people can make the biggest difference. I do feel that parts of the movie can start to drag at points and it doesn't feel like a whole lot is happening, but as a whole, it's a heartwarming movie that everyone can enjoy and learn a thing or two from.	4
This is a truly inspiring story that was treated with the honesty and respect it is due.	4
This was a great movie about determination and not give up, there are so many stories like this throughout history of how the African American contribution was HUGE but not acknowledged.. great movie!!	3
Smoltzy but in the best way possible. Great story about science, space, women, and race. A great counter example to white history written by white people where all others don't seem to exist.	4
WHAT I LIKED: All the explaining I could do about what makes 'Hidden Figures' so appealing can simply be personified by the film's gorgeous score. A ballsy yet successful balance between the wonder and beauty of Hans Zimmer and the hope and lightness of Pharrell Williams is exactly what this is; an inspirational drama filled with bags of emotion and well-developed characters that also has a lot of fun in its sensible shoes. As a result, it doesn't feel too heavy (almost like an American-ised 'Made in Dagenham'), but at the same time it takes you on a heart-breaking ride through the eyes of 3 hugely empowering women who I really, really want to hang out with. Yes seeing these likeable characters tested in this way brought me to tears, but that's the beauty of film, and it shines damn brightly here.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE: Because the themes it explores have a social-standard now, there's no attempt to take a step back. That might not neccessarily be a bad thing though, as it does enhance the power of the whole experience.VERDICT: This is one of the warmest and most charming films I've seen so far this year. When you consider I've only seen one other, that means this is better than Underworld: Blood Wars. Wow.	4
Just watched this amazing movie last night. It brought quite a few emotions out of me. Anger, disbelief, joy, a sense of resilience, pride, disgust, and hope. Truly a magnificent story and it was acted beautifully by stellar cast. This true story is better late then never. But I'm still glad it was told. The strength to stand up for a country who won't stand up for you because of not only the color of your skin but also the fact she was a female. Powerful stuff. #GirlsCanDoAnything. #BlackGirlMagic	5
If you are into learning more about a part in the history of the U.S. that you didn't learn in high school, then this movie is for you.	4
Man Oh Man, Hidden Figures should have won every film award during the 2016-2017 award season!	5
I loved this movie. A perfect telling about science and education with a historical overcoming of the way people were treated.	5
A great movie with an important message that will continue to be ignored by many Americans	5
Somewhat entertaining but historically inaccurate. It's not even historical, it's pure fiction. I hate movies that pretend to give us a history lesson but really just make up a fake story. Wishful thinking & pure fantasy.	1
great movie. it is sad to see what our country was like back then when it came to equality or lack there of between whites/blacks and men/woman. but these women played a huge role in getting women equal rights in a world and job dominated by men. a must see!	4
Rating: 93%Smart, uplifting, and overall inspirational, Hidden Figures is a relevant and entertaining look on American history.	4
Very enjoyable movie about progress. It's especially frustrating watching things like this though, knowing how recent it was, and how backwards things were, and still are in many ways. Nice to see that NASA was able to look beyond that, and amazed that we launched people into outer space and we could have looked out our windows here and seen it! Great acting by all too!	4
Ni Film emang tema utamanya emansipasi wanita, sukses banget. Berkat cast2 utama yang berkarakter kuat dan tentunya berhasil juga menggambarkan keadaan kaum kulit hitam waktu itu. Membuat malu para kaum kulit putih tapi kenyataan emang ga bisa boong, kisah menarik ini bisa sekali lagi membuka pikiran dunia ke depannya terhadap diskriminasi dalam bentuk apapun itu bisa salah dikemudian hari. Mangstab Ted Melfi, ni sutradara boleh diantisipasi ke depannya.	4
We loved this movie! Horrible what those women were put through and still they persevered. A truly amazing story.	5
Great film, wonderful story, strong performances, genuinely moving!	5
I recognise that this is a good film but I did find it boring in places. Still worth a watch though	3
Thought it was great!	5
History have a way of opening your eyes. Great respect to the people that help make a change for the better.	4
What it gets wrong (or simplifies, or over sentimentalizes) is FAR outweighed by its importance and power. One of those films that really could change the world if it were mandatory viewing.	3
EXCELLENT!! will watch it again	5
It displays the story in a striking way that draws you in and gives you an emotional look into history	5
Very engaging movie about three very intelligent women succeeding against all odds. Loved it!	5
Tired of preachy movies yet?	1
This should be required viewing.	5
Katherine Johnson is my new hero.	5
Loved it, kid's loved it, even 9yr old was entertained. We cried, we laughed, we gasped, lovely.	5
More stories like these are needed coming out of Hollywood! So wonderfully acted. Great TRUE story!	4
A surprise movie It is a sleeper It is a great movie with good acting and a great story.	5
What a great movie. It's insane what these women had to go through just because of the color of their skin, especially considering the technological advances. How a society can create a rocketship, and yet still be unable to share a bathroom will always blow my mind. It's good thing we have progressed but its a shame that it takes so long. This was a truly inspirational movie.	4
Start to finish an excellent movie! Great characters	5
What an amazing movie! So inspiring. Those 3 women kicked butt!!! (and John Glenn was a class act)	5
Simply great storytelling and movie making.	4
A lot of solid performances, and a story that had to be told to a wide audience. Much of it, unfortunately is "by the numbers".	3
A bit cheesy, but good story.	4
Beautifully and masterfully done. The best movie I have seen in decades. So glad this movie was made and these women are honored and recognized, not only for their brilliant contributions, but for their focus and determination. A must see!	5
uplifting like a rocket	4
AAAAAAMMMMMAAAAAZZZZZIIIIINNNNGGGGG!!!!	5
Funny, feisty and surprisingly emotional, this makes a great movie.	5
math ,science and space combined in a with one movie that talks about African-American women who made it through in a really tough time it is will written movie that you will definitely going to enjoy it I highly recommend it especially for people lacking inspiration or lost sight of their dreams	4
Hidden Figures is one of the best and outstanding film of 2017 I've seen yet! The cast, the writing, the directing, and the acting is perfect in this film. There is not one thing in this film that is wrong or that could have been better or changed at all. This movie is like perfect imo. This is definitely a film everybody should see, and will definitely enjoy!!	5
Solid film. A must watch!	5
This was a very good movie about a few women who stood out for their BRAINS in a world where men only had the prominent jobs.	4
One of the best movies I have seen all year. I loved it!	5
Entertaining and well deserved dedication to the people portrayed. A treat espeically for engineers.	4
Off the chance u must watch	5
An inspirational story backed up by good performances with standouts Taraji P Henson and Kirsten Dunst but not built on a particularly good script or direction. It's also a very bland looking movie, at least do something with the colour grading and cinematography. The music they picked for the movie are all great but the score itself was like listening to the equivalent of Wonder bread. The scenes that involved coloured washrooms were excellently crafted though, but doesn't excuse the movie from its lackluster execution.	3
Awesome, spectacular! A must see!	5
Surprising that this movie did not win even a single Oscar !! Set in the 1960s, the movie shows the struggles of black people (majorly women in particular) in the US - even at NASA. Despite having all the necessary educational qualifications and traits, black women keep getting relegated or not allowed to progress.They are racially discriminated in all aspects of like - even having different restrooms, different coffee pots, different libraries, different transport systems, different educational systems to name a few - based on their color. There was a scene where the lead actress (Taraji P. Henson) literally runs in the rain wearing a skirt and heels & carrying some folders of documents and a white man comes across her with an umbrella and he just moves away (showing a hatred to even help). Gut wrenching to imagine how people lived those days in extreme discrimination.Awesome performance by Octavia Spencer as well - carries her head throughout the movie. The lead actresses gracefully move throughout the movie with bold & amazing performances.The movie shows the struggles of these women just to even retain their respective jobs and excel at it compared to their white peers (despite having very salaries compared to their white peers). Shows the hidden achievements of these women at NASA and how they helped NASA become a front runner in space programs.	5
Shockingly real, humorously created!	4
My full opinion: 8.4/10.	4
Probably one of the most inspirational stories of a generation. Love every minute of this movie!	5
Loved this inspirational story!!! Music was just ok for me.	4
Saw this yesterday with the kids. Infuriating but great.	5
Amazing performances and sad but inspirational story. It's amazing that it wasn't that long ago that women of colour were so oppressed yet these women rose above it all.	5
A totally ok feel-good movie, but it could be a lot better. It might be the most overrated of 2016. Even though the cast, the score and some dialogues are interesting, the movie isn't brave enough to make a strong racial and social comentary about the approached subjects.	3
Loved learning about this piece of history.	5
Hidden figures is a fascinating story of three African American women working for NASA that I have never heard before. This movie benefits from 3 amazing performances from its lead actors and a great supporting cast, this is not only an interesting story but an important one that needed to be told!	3
It's definitely entertaining, but these kinds of simplistic Hollywood retellings of historical events have been tiresome for quite some time. If you're going to confront the realities of racism and sexism then you should do so honestly and with all of their complexities.	2
Excellent movie, a must see !	5
What an inspiring move!	5
I see why the acting was rewarded. But the movie was just ok. I feel this way because I came here for math and rockets, not personal life background. This movie is worth a watch. Just temper your expectations.	2
Despite containing a powerful performance from Taraji P. Henson and genuine atmosphere, this crowd-pleasing, buy-the-numbers drama fails to ascend above one-note messages.	2
Great performances, great story of little known history.	3
History doesn't always make a good source for entertaining movies, but this is a great story about intelligent and motivated women that changed history. The cast was absolutely amazing.	4
Tells the story well, but is quite boring in a sense that a movies purpose is to entertain. It probaly should have stayed a book	2
It definitely puts your typical Hollywood Oscar baity "feel bad for them because of racism" tone in the forefront rather than real character focus, but regardless, the subject matter still makes it fascinating and occasionally emotional and at the end of the day, a very essential viewing.	3
Decent drama with some solid performances from its cast	3
Enjoyed these three ladies on the big screen with the support of Costner. Good untold story!	3
A true story with all the trimmings that Oprah Winfrey - or Speilberg - must be kicking themselves for not optioning, and the movie, good as it is, would've been better if they had. Watching the extra materials leaves one sensing that the producer, Donna Gigliotti, was trying to right all the wrongs with the crew selected, and its proportions, for the Atlanta shoot. The story reminds a bit of "The Imitation Game" in the breaking of the Enigma where women were, as here, the anthropoidal computers - minus the uniquely southern American elements. And at 97 the central character yet lives - & was Freedom Medal honored by President Obama. Terrific.	4
Great movie, very inspiring! Never knew about this..historical. A "giant leap for Black women".	5
Credit where credit's due.	4
4 - great cast. witty, funny, more entertaining than I thought it'd be	4
An enternaing and well directed film that gives credit to women who did great things. Although a bit cliche and follows a predictable formula. And drags a bit toward the end. I think it feels a little to upbeat and light-hearted and the PG rating doesn't help	3
As a POC and a woman working in STEM, I truly appreciate everything this film was trying to accomplish. However, much of the movie felt like it was more of Hollywood's interpretation than anything based on reality. The technical aspects, processes and procedures were off by several orders of magnitude over what is acceptable or standard practice (even for the time). The script was pretty silly and the happy ending was contrived. The romantic subplot was extraniously unnessary and was in fact a disservice to the movie. Can we please have a movie with a strong female lead without needed to validate the woman by pairing her up with a man. Disappointed with this movie ... but its definately a step in the right direction ...	2
Movie spot on the soundtrack spot on the acting spot on. This movie everything about it was amazing. Everybody should give this movie a chance an amazing true story told really well on the big screen. A+	5
Típica Pelí de Negros. 1ra hr trata de donde uixara la negrita. Mejor hagan una Biopic a los GENIOS creadores de la IBM7090 y la IBM100 (pero no es políticamente correcto pq no son negros, ni homosexuales), pq las negritas solo comprobaban resultados con sus ábacos.	3
Those actress, wow! And those real characters, wow many times!	4
Every person I talked to ranted and raved about how great this movie was. Maybe I wasn't in the mood or was tired or something? I liked the movie but honestly would probably not watch again. It was pretty good!	3
great interesting story!	4
Esta pelicula nos invita a pensar que los suenos se pueden cumplir y realizar con esfuerzo y sacrificio. Es magnifica desde el inicio al final.	5
Great overall story.However, the film was a bit over the top, and there was a lot of story overselling & hand-holding by the director.	3
Great movie!Triumph in the face of adversity in all forms is great to see.	4
A fantastic and uplifting story that everyone should watch at least once. The main actresses were outstanding. I'm a sucker for historical dramas but this was great. A bit of history I knew little about.	4
Good to know the story. Hollywood has to focus your attention to get the point across. The line "you are a black woman and it is 1961" was a bit out of place.	4
Only movie I have ever been to where there were two parts with the whole audience clapping!	5
It was such an eye opener and also education to me loved every minute of it	5
The story itself is interesting and makes for an engrossing movie even when it is overacted and grandiose at times.	3
A little uneven but still a moving, inspiring picture.	3
fantastic story, good film	4
5/2017Plane back from Costa Rica. Awesome movie. Great story, very entertaining, and well acted/produced.	5
Boring. What's with all the accountant movies. I can't help feeling I've seen this movie before.	2
We really enjoyed this. Learned more about what life was like as a black woman in the 1950's (difficult) , as well as true story of 3 remarkable women.	4
Awesome movie about true events. This movie makes you proud to be an American with the beautiful job these women did for our space program and the advancement of both woman and the black culture. It further advances why prejudices are so idiotic. Loved it. Acting was great and the story line kept you wanting to find out what happened in each of the sub plots.	5
Love true inspirational stories. This film is a gem!	3
Wow! Magnifique film inspirant. Ã? voir absolument!	5
I am aware of how big the U.S and the Russians space race was. On who would be the first to head out to space and land in on the moon. Nasa was at a fast pace to get a space shuttle launched. One thing I felt like it was unheard, was the person that made this possible, mathematician Katherine (Taraji P. Henson). Gifted at an early age in elementary school and ahead of everyone in her class. The teachers recommended scholarships and plans for college. Many years later, Katherine, engineer Mary (Janelle Monae) and Mathematician and supervisor Dorothy (Octavia Spencer) all work together in a subdivision for computers in Langley. After the Russians launched their first satellite into space. The pressure for the Americans was high, when Nasa was in a hurry to get their first astronaut into space. Al (Kevin Cosnter) director on trying to get an space craft engineered, asks for Katherine to join his group on trying to solve these algorithm equations. Unwelcomed by many of his staff since she was an African American. Katherine faces the challenges of trying to solve a difficult equation and being mistreated by her coworkers. She is not allowed to get a cup of coffee from the same coffee pot or use the same bathroom. Making her run out of the building and to the colored bathroom in a different division building. Hidden Figures is a crowd pleasing drama film that shows the hardship these characters went through. Like a moment when Dorothy was not allowed to check out a book with her son in a library and has to go to the color section. Moments like seeing her son, wondering why they are treated that way. While her mother responds about only doing the right thing, and not letting anyone take an advantage. As she discusses about taking a book without permission from the library but she replies that she paid her taxes, so she has her rights like anyone else does.  The film does convey a great story on what was going on behind the scenes with the space launch and showing the mathematician perspective on making this happen. Taraji P. Henson gave a great performance and will have to say is one of her better films. Octavia Spencer did great. Janelle Monae was also good, about how she is inspired to be an engineer. Kevin Costner was also good. The rest of the cast ensemble was great with their brief small roles. The one thing we can all predict from this, is we know what the outcome is. That's usually what falls with most based on true events biographical stories. I felt like the film dragged on at parts and could have been trimmed like 15 mins. Cause there were moments, were it did get kind of boring. Also, felt like the music score could have been more inspirational with the direction. Which is sad, cause music composer Hans Zimmer is brilliant in his other work. But being partnered with Benjamin Wallfisch, there score in the film did not add to the movie. On the bonus side, Pharrell Williams did have an okay song adapted for the movie. Overall, Hidden Figures is a fairly well drama film, I do recommend that you should watch. Just to see these characters that went through a lot, facing against racism and sexism. All while trying to work for Nasa and making the space launch successful. Plus the cast ensemble performances were all great.	3
I agree with the points made in all of the fresh tomato reviews, but with only mild enthusiasm. I give this movie a lukewarm thumbs up.	3
Hidden Figures is directed and co-written by Theodore Melfi, and it stars Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer, Janelle Monáe, and Kevin Costner in a biographical film about three woman that work in NASA, and they were having a hard time getting the job that they wanted to get as one is very smart, another wants to be a supervisor, and the third girl wants to be an engineer for rockets, whether it be a racial issue during the 1960s as their skins are black, and also a gender problem that they had to go through. I was pretty excited to see this movie as the trailers for the film seem like it'll be a very classy one to watch, also for the fact that it was nominated for Best Picture from the Oscars, even if it didn't win it, and that I have never heard of this true story before, which I wasn't quite sure about why we haven't heard about it from history books in school. When I finished the film, I was looking through YouTube in terms of things that are related to the film, and I come across a comment that I completely agree with, which was that there's finally a film that students can watch in math class alongside October Sky that's appropriate, and they can enjoy themselves greatly. The three main leads are fantastic, and the stories that have the three of them are interesting as they can hold on their own, which the movie shows more of Taraji P. Henson's character. Kevin Costner is great as a supporting cast that he has some great moments in the film, and Jim Parsons is pretty good at being a complete jerk to the main character, which reminded me of Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory, but he's way more likable here as I'm not a fan of the show. The writing by Allison Schroeder and Theodore Melfi is well-written that seem to understand about the issues that the main characters have to go through whether it be racial or gender, while still creating character development and humor from the main leads. The score by Han Zimmer, Pharrell Williams, and Benjamin Wallfisch is outstanding as it has great songs that were sang by Pharrell Williams, which I find them very catchy, different, and it fits to the time period that the movie takes place in. The movie is definitely a feel-good one as when the characters find some resolutions to their problems, I felt very satisfied at it as they come so far to get where they're at, and I'm sure the audience would feel the same thing. I was watching the reviewers who I trust that reviewed the film, and they have a common complaint that the relationship that the characters have is not quite fully developed and is there to show that the main characters have someone they love. While I somewhat agree with that, I also think that the film is pretty short on that aspect, and it goes back to the NASA story pretty quickly that the audience and I were interested in. Hidden Figures is an amazing film that has a lot of heart, effort into it, and a flowing narrative that we'll learn something out of the three main characters.	5
Fresh, exciting and brilliant!!! Beautifully done the acting is superb and these women do an excellent job honoring these brilliant trend setting women who deserve a place in history!!!	4
While Hidden Figures paints an interesting portrait of the time period and the women who were forgotten, parts of it feel watered down and it often strays too far from the real life story.	3
Excellent film! Great acting! Inspiring story of three extraordinary African American women in the still segregated 1960s, who, through sheer talent and determination, broke through the NASA bureaucracy to help make the space program a colossal success. Highly recommend.	5
Really interesting story, very glad they made it into a movie.	3
Best movie of the year, go see it.	5
Most enjoyable true story of 3 women that help put the US in space. Director Melfi does a nice job at creating drama and shedding light on the struggles of educated black women in the 60s. Octavia and Janelle are standouts.	3
I truly powerful and interesting drama striking all the chords you'd expect	4
Very entertaining. Teraji P. Henson was amazing.	4
Truly and admiral film. No down parts. Left me with good feelings.	5
I think having read the book made it harder to enjoy the movie, because they changed a lot of details to make the story. It was empowers and inspiring, and I'm so glad it was made!	3
This movie definitely deserved an Oscar	5
La forza delle donne che sprigiona questo film è strepitosa!	5
This movie was AMAZING. The performances, the story, the humor, drama, suspense... all were amazing.	4
Very good acting, all round interesting movie.	4
Have it and its a good film	3
WOW. This was good. Watching the lead characters be so used to the discrimination is heartbreaking, yet their determination to cop it and fight on is uplifting. It's shocking to think such discrimination and poor attitude took place just 50 years ago.	5
Previously unknown fairly true story with great acting.	5
This movie was well acted, conducted. Expected to enjoy and I did, very much, history is a must to see, and sometimes difficult to watch.	5
This movie opened my mind up about racism, gender equality, single motherhood and remarrying, in a way no other movie or medium ever has before. For which I am thankful. Inspired art and talent combine.	5
Well made and enjoyable to watch but a fairly plain and generic production.	3
we can all learn something from this movie.	4
Hidden Figures is an expectedly solid and clichéd film. It is very well acted with Taraji P. Henson actually being the highlight, the characters are very likable and this is definitely an important story, but it is told in the most predictable manner possible with not enough astronomy in it, overly annoying science scenes and a total lack of subtlety filled with many ridiculous lines.	3
My favorite movie of 2016 (not including comic book movies :0))	5
The movie is a fair and accurate depiction of these hidden figures that doesn't seek to mythologize them or the white characters involved.	5
Very good movie. Interesting to see some of what happened back then.	3
Not epic but very very good indeed.	4
'Hidden Figures' is an amazing and inspirational story about the 60's Space Race which will astound you that you probably haven't heard about it before.	4
Excellent story, well told, two thumbs up.	5
What a cracking and inspiring story and one I had no knowledge about! Crazy to think this all happened just over 10 years before I was born	4
A great informative story highlighting the struggle for equal rights. Heart warming!!!	5
Hidden Figures (Ted Melfi, 2017) - 8,7/10	4
Amazing true story. Watch it!!	5
Loved this movie!!! An extremely uplifting film.	5
Good movie. Octavia Spencer is great. Henson is pretty good too. The third actress is forgettable.	3
Excellent real story."We all pee the same color!"	5
a touching true story angers me with the racism....	4
Enjoyable look at some behind-the-scenes women at NASA.	4
Amazing story that will make you laugh, cry, and be angry with the idiotic though process of whites in the 60s.	5
Wonderful and amazing	5
A must see American film, nicely records the era of the early space race and the dawning of the modern civil rights movement, in a similar manner as "The Help" of a few years back. Crisp writing and fine acting make this a landmark film suitable for showing in High School American history classes. Only complaint is there was more to tell and it should have been longer.	5
This movie has a bit of everything in it. Drama, comedy, underdogs, endurance, love, racism, anti racism. It's amazing because they portray people as real people who make mistakes and treat people badly based on misconceptions and ignorance. This is an amazing movie. I can't recommend this enough!	5
Hidden Figures sheds light into some interesting real life stories and it does so in an entertaining feel-good manner, in large part thanks to it's three charismatic lead actresses.	3
Inspiring, heartwarming and educational, "Hidden Figures" is a wonderful film that celebrates the lives of women who changed history. The historical drama sheds light on the struggles faced by African-Americans during the 1960's. Through powerful performances from it's three leads, sharp writing and believable situations, the film captures a divisive time in American history. In terms of acting, all three actresses are a joy to watch. Taraji P. Henson is a particular standout, conveying the struggles faced by African-American women during the time. Although these actresses are a joy to watch, "Hidden Figures" is a little longer than necessary. Despite it's long running time, "Hidden Figures" is a crowd-pleasing film that sheds light on an important time in history. It is one of those rare films that teaches us to be open-minded and accepting of each other, regardless of color or race.	4
I enjoyed the movie in general a lot, but as much as these genius scenes were nice, they over time grew more and more "hollywoody". In every movie of this type, the idea of an amazing genius is often slightly oversold.	4
It's really funny and heartwarming for a documentary. It feels so nice to see the credit these people are getting for their hard work and commitment to help the human race.	4
Great movie that cookie is really great she has such diverse skills	5
Not sure what all the hype was for. Forgettable flick much overrated for my taste.	2
Definitely a feel-good kind of movie, but it's not cheesy or wishy-washy. Very inspirational for women and African-Americans.	4
Overall great acting, story, and production. Would have benefited from a little more character depth.	4
Excellent film. Have to admit it was a bit sentimental and my glassies welled up on a few occasions. Highly recommended.	5
Solid bio-pic about the achievements of three (with focus mostly on one) African American women at NASA in the early 60s whose important work helped the Space Program achieve it's goals. Having looked up details of the original story, I can't help but find the true story more inspiring than some elements of the feelgood Hollywood movie. For instance while the running to a "Colored" bathroom in another building happened, it happened to one of the other three women, and not Johnson...whereas Johnson apparently just used the white restroom for years, when it was eventually questioned, she said deal with it, and it was dropped. I like the real story so much better than the boss with a heart of gold who changes the rules for her. She made the change because she didn't take crap. That's better! But really, the movie brings their story to light, even if years and details are all wrong (as biopics tend to do), as a movie, it is a bit too Hollywood but it is solid...and how often does a major release like this feature three black female leads? Pretty much never. Movie is feelgood entertainment, and it praises hard work, science, intelligence, and working towards your goals no matter the obstacles (whether they be getting a man into space, or just advancing your career while not looking like everyone else)...good message, mostly well told, and a solid picture.	3
Very inspiring. It shows how wrong all colored people were treated and still manages to stay focused on these incredible women!	5
Really enjoyed this movie and so did my kids! Great homeschool movie day and chance for then to be inspired to learn, change and do good!	4
A heartwarming, empowering display of the strength of women. A true story brought to life by top notch performances.	3
Fantastic film! Can't imagine how hard it was during those times - not only for women in the professional world but for African-Americans and the fight for equality. Absolutely one of the best films of our time.	5
excellent movie....my sorors.	5
Loved the story. Script needed work.	3
Wow! fantastic! Just artched ths and cannot wait to tell you haow good it was. Watching the struggles some women of color went through working on the greatest accomplishment of America!I was riveted, emotional at appropriate times, captivated. Loved it.	5
Hard to weigh in on this one. It was good but it just...felt like it was missing something.	3
This story of the women behind the space launch is uplifting, inspiring and illuminating. Well worth seeing.	4
Like the '57 Chevy, old fashioned linear storytelling never goes out of style. Writers Theodore Melfi and Allison Schroeder are content to let this powerful story tell itself, never straying into the minefields of nationalistic fervor or maudlin microagression. Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe win us over quickly and completely.	4
ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???	5
A good job altogether with the movie... gives a good idea of the pre equal liberties time and the hardships of a black woman in a white dominated United States ...	3
An important story that needs to be known. Well balanced.	5
Great movie!! Very informative	5
great movie must see	3
Fantastic movie!! If I could give it more stars I would	5
abisnya yang rasis2 mesti seru sih.	4
I went into this one not expecting anything fancy. I just like NASA. I was thrilled towards the end. fantastic movie. I regard it as the best movie of 2016.	5
Really shows character for these women. Good movie.	4
Formulaic true story, but it tells an important story and does it entertainingly. It's uplifting and heartwarming.	3
I was promised a "feel-good" movie and then I saw a Fortran manual. Poor women!	5
One of the best films of 2016 - Highly recommended!! This is part of American history - the true story of three incredible women. Everyone should see this film - it is very inspiring.	5
Very good movie! Real to the time of the early 60's. I was young but old enough to remember. I think everyone should see this movie. I give it a 10+ if I could!	5
Best movie I've seen in a long time!Deep and inspirational.	5
Delightful film that everyone can enjoy.	4
Impressive and uplifting. An efficently told true story that's inspiring and full of hope.	4
As big of space geek I am, I really didn't know much about this story from within the space program. This is truly a story that needed to be told. So glad it got the attention it deserved.	5
One of the best movie I've seen.	5
Being the person that I am, Feminist Jones, I believe that this movie was a great representation of the misrepresentation that all of us empowered yet non-powered females know all too well. The main message of this movie resonates especially with me because of the things taught by my professor, Dr. DJ DeGroff, PHD in Gender Studies relating to engineering. Without Professor DeGroff, I would have never been able to view this movie as what it truly is, a masterpiece of modern film and women's issues. "I dont care for the jews." -Bill Nye "thescienceguy82"	4
Awesome movie. Enjoyed from beginning to the end. Very well written and acted. Recommend highly	5
I found myself completely immersed in this movie. I wouldn't change a anything. It's perfect.	5
One of the best "based on a true story" movies out there. It is ludicrous that Taraji Hensen wasn't nominated or won. Emma Stones holds nothing to Taraji's and all the ladies performances.	5
One of the best movies I've seen in a long time! Strong women, amazing story.	5
Although a necessary reminder of how ignorant humanity is and was in oppressing those who are different, the movie felt very predictable, cliche, and unoriginal.	3
Well done ... not sure how you can make this better ... maybe some dancing horses ...	5
Loved this movie! Why didn't I learn about these amazing women sooner. So glad I know about them now. Awesome acting too!	5
Hidden Figures, takes an audience on a rollercoaster of a ride between race, civil rights, and national politics, leaving them in high spirits wanting more.	5
I really liked this film.	4
Important story, which had been unknown for too long. Worth a watch for a lot of reasons: great story, writing, and acting.	4
Phenomenal and something every one should see	5
Feel good, empowering film. Just what my heart needed.	4
It was a really amazing and wonderful historic event movie. Also comical and very funny! 3 main actresses were fantastic! Octavia Spencer got Oscar nomination and she was great. But I thought Taraji P. Henson needed to get Oscar nomination too! Her performance was really fantastic, funny and outstanding. She looked really math genius! Kevin Costner did very cool supporting role. Theodore Melfi directed this movie really amazing! Story was really smart. Climax was really thrilling and wonderful. So many heartwarming scenes and it made my heart very warm! It reminded me A Beautiful Mind! It was a great movie! Because it was a true story! See it!	4
Such a great movie!! They were so incredibly smart!! Loved this!!	5
Absolute perfection... The best movie about the space program since The Right Stuff.	5
It was an excellent movie. It's hands down.	5
Excellent. Very well done.	5
Awesome movie. We need more stories like this	5
Let's just say that if you don't know their story, then you don't know the whole story about NASA and the space race. Plain and simple.	5
Finally saw "Hidden Figures". When I told people that had seen it, "my concern is that it's just 'The Help' in space", they insisted that it wasn't, and had much more depth to it.I was wrong. It's not even as good as "The Help". I thought it was a perfectly fine heart-warming story, that sheds light on three very important women. By extension, it found a new means to show racism in America. For that, I think it's worth watching.I however found it pandering. Complete with scenes of "let's cut loose and be sassy", and "let's dance erotically" that I question are insulting to an African-American? Does the discerning African-American cringe when they see such devices thrown up on the screen, once again?The nominations, and the attention the actors got, is entirely undeserved. There was nothing interesting from anyone's performances, accept maybe Kevin Costner, who did a really great job given his role, and the film.	3
Very inspiring and historic a big five stars making history.	5
Misleading, with too much time spent on family/personal story. Should've stuck to the space race/inequality fight.	2
Extremely inspiring, moving, and heart-warming.	5
It was okay. A tad heavy-handed with its racism-and-misogyny-is-bad message, however. Also, the obligatory "You go, girl!" moments and general feel-good atmosphere were very much on the hokey side, making this true story come off as particularly unrealistic. For a nice, mindless little popcorn movie, I'd still recommend it, though - but how anyone could have supported this films nomination for an Academy Award, I'll never understand. I suppose they may have been trying to avoid a repeat of last years claims at them being racist.	2
It was a good movie and I felt so proud for these amazing women and felt ashamed for the treatment they had to put up with. Good acting and an inspiring story but not that good to be a 4-5 star for me.	3
It could have turned out as an inaccurate and cheesy story, but deep characters, marvelous acting, well-realized key scenes and a good balance of comedy, drama and even tension keeps the movie going.	4
Just a fair movie. Acting predictable and mundane.	1
This is an exceptional movie and it's a shame that Emma Stones' very ordinary role won best actress and Taraji was not even nominated for an award for her outstanding acting. It's really hard for any colored women to get the rightful recognition of their talent.	5
There r no words to describe this amazing movie	5
Most exceptional film. I loved it.	5
Great and surprising. Can't believe we didn't know this story already.	4
Terrific movie. Wonderful story told in gripping detail with some fabulous performances, but this film is important on many levels. It is a history lesson that every child needs to see and every adult needs to remember.	5
not as good as the reviews	3
Good movie. Would recommend to everyone, but especially to people who like math.	5
WONDERFUL MOVIE! Saddens me, as a child outside the Houston area, I did not know these women existed. Would have had a great impact on how I saw myself, as a female. These women are HEROS to us ALL!	5
A great time in the movies for almost every audience. Hidden Figures hides behind its friendly humour and charming performances a fun yet really upfront critique to a crucial problematic from american history. Definitely the big miss congeniality of this year's Academy Awards.	4
Give black women a chance to nasa space in math.	5
Entertaining. Janelle Monet the best.	3
Well production of its kind. "OMG, black people contribute to society and heres proof.", yes we have to spell it out for you cause your too dumb. There are people behind the scenes of just about everything.......But these are black people behind the scenes and we as white people are happy to present this......	3
Absolutely Amazing movie with a phenomenal cast! A must for personal collection.	5
Ensemble casts film ini luar biasa! Mulai dari chemistry trio pemeran utamanya yang kompak dan lovable, lalu Kevin Costner yang karakternya punya standar tinggi hingga pendukung seperti Mahershala Ali sampai Kirsten Dunst. Favorit saya, masih tertuju ke Taraji P. Henson. Saya masih jauh lebih menyukai perannya di film ini yang hadir serius, kalem, dan pekerja keras.	4
Good history to know about	3
An excellent movie for the entire family. Based on a true-story, this very informative 127 minutes is the perfect history lesson on the beginnings of NASA and America's ventures into space. Taraji P. Henson gives a great performance as the real-life Katherine G> Johnson. Kevin Costner plays the head of NASA who gives the trio of African-American ladies, played by Henson, Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monae, the opportunity to succeed and inspire an entire generation. This is a story you probably never heard about, but thanks to this movie you will never forget. As I said, a must for the entire family. Oh, and Jim Parsons, finally he plays a creep that nobody likes.	5
Really entertaining. It was refreshing to have a serious and mature pg movie.	4
so very well done! loved it.	5
Absolutely loved this movie.	5
I was captivated by this true-life story of black women at NASA working professional roles during the 1960's 8/10 Rev 440	4
waoooooooo es muy buena	5
three incredible women amazing cast marvelous journey	5
Amazing movie loved it	4
a great powerful and inspirational film a hidden truth.	5
Hermosa, excelente...	5
Great feel good movie. Recommended for everyone.	5
4/7/17 Theater. Historically romanticized but beautiful.	5
Overall very enjoyable. I have some critical qualms but they didn't override my sense of enjoyment. And I can always get behind brilliant women being awesome.	4
I love positive movies	5
I like that they need something then they can go back to school no matter how old you are	4
Review (1~5)#Content: Script 5 | Acting 5 | Cinematography 5 | Film Editing 5#Visual: Costume Design 4 | Makeup & Hairstyling 4 | Scenic Design 4 | Lighting 4 | Visual Effects 4#Sound: Score & Soundtracks 5 | Sound Editing & Mixing 4#Overall (1~10): 8	4
Great acting and a good window to a part of history not known to a lot of people, great movie.	4
A very enjoyable period piece (early 60s) that focuses slightly more on the racial and gender discrimination faced by Johnson (Henson), Vaughan (Spencer) and Jackson (Monae), rather than the science/maths/engineering of NASA getting a man into space.Costner, Dunst, Ali & Parsons don't have much to do, but the three female leads more than carry the film - it's great to watch them juggle their professional and personal lives with humour. Good ending and solid though out.	3
It was a amazing movie it's worth seeing?Hope everyone loves it?	5
The Math Adds Up in Hidden FiguresDirector Ted Melfi expertly tells a feel-good, heroic, story about a group of African-American women that lived through a time-period of persecution and discrimination in the movie Hidden Figures.  The cast does a brilliant job of portraying the three main characters and are lead by a strong, humorous, performance from Janelle Monáe, who plays the character Mary.  Janelle Monáe, of singer/songwriter fame, lands her first lead role in a film, and does not disappoint. Aside from Monáe, the supporting actors portrayed their character's and relationships perfectly.The story itself follows three African-American women as they overcome prejudice and discrimination to help NASA create the mathematical calculations to send a rocket into space. One particular scene of the film that was very triumphant was when Kevin Costner, Al Harrison in the film, explains how Katherine leaving everyday for such a long period is taking away from her work. What he is unaware of is that she was having to run a half an hour to the colored bathroom because there wasn't a bathroom "for her" in this building. After realizing how outrageous this was, Al Harrison is seen taking a baseball bat to the colored bathroom sign and exclaims "Here at NASA, we all pee the same color!" Katherine's drive and remarkable intelligence made her stand out which in turn showed how ridiculous she was being treated on a daily basis. Al Harrison as a person in power was changed because of how valuable Katherine was. This particular scene was iconic and a turning point in the film. Katherine went from being a "computer" to someone who was leading the way for the rest of the program. Despite many failed attempts, the women overcome their struggles and celebrate in succeeding their goal. Hidden Figures uses simple charm and a great story to be a crowd-pleaser for all.  Unlike many Hollywood movies, Hidden Figures did not need expensive sets or special-effects, as the story is enough to capture the audience's attention for two hours all on its own.  The story lacks originality, using the same underdog rising to triumph story of many films, but the film makes up for it with it's characters' charms and a well-told true story.	4
Hidden Figures tells the remarkable story about the struggles of three black women Katherine G Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson who worked at NASA in the early 1960s. Johnson and her colleagues were vital to the success of NASA's first space mission, but, as African American women, their achievements have not been untold until now.Hidden Figures takes this criminally overlooked chapter in black history and writes it large following this trio of incredible likeable female scientists, who were the brains behind launching the first American astronaut, John Glenn, into space. This inspiring tale of three black women who defied prejudice is carried by stunning performances from its three leading ladies Taraji P Henson, Janelle Monaé and Octavia Spencer.It's rare that a biopic about an American triumph doesn't centre on the achievements of white men, but this engaging and entertaining feel good movie, where the visionary thinking of space travel contrasts with the backwards mentality of racial segregation, is a sure fire crowd pleaser. It's an amazing story that deserved to be told.	3
Great story and good movie!	5
Excellent film, funny, poignant, educational.	4
had its moments, but also a predictable story line	3
Outstanding, Staggering, Breathtaking, Stunning, Prodigious, Stupendous, Righteous, Wicked, Superb, Sublime, Transcendent, Marvellous, Resplendent, Phenomenal, Remarkable, Flawless, Badass, Kickass	5
not bad as a femminist movie	4
This film was very light in tone even though it dealt with a serious issue. The actors conveyed the message really well, but there were far too many scenes of one character running to the segregated toilet and back, several times! The achievements of the three women were presented in an inspiring but quite predictable way. The family life of Katherine was depicted in rather twee scenes. It's good and right that the story has been told, but I would have preferred a more documentary-style film. I have given 3.5 stars because of the amazing contribution of these women to NASA, a story previously unknown to me.	3
Beautifully filmed. The only thing i can't get rid of is the interpretation of Octavia Spencer. it seemed the same as in The help.	4
This movie is awesome. Growing up Latino in hollywood, nobody thought me that... very interesting and exciting true story. A must watch!	4
A rare gem in a sea of many disjointed, boring movies. This is a winner, probably should have won as "Best Picture". A must see!	5
An absolutely amazing story of strength and triumph of the black women in question, over so many obstacles.	5
What can I say about this movie that has not already been said. It is great, it is uplifting. It makes clear the mistakes of our past and today. It shows that any human being can be extraordinary, and we are fools not to see it. We need to look past color, gender, or any other label, and see the mind and heart beneath. When we do this, we can literally reach the moon.	5
This movie provided history that I had no clue existed. This movie gave great insight into events that took place that was just amazing. Its just incredible the amount of adversity those women overcame dealing with discrimination that came from being Black AND female.	5
It's a good story. Unfortunate reflection of Past Racism America. I generally avoid white guilt movies, being Native American and not being alive at that time it's hard to relate. I watched Because the fact that that it's based on a true story. I have to say it is worth watching, a story that needs to be told. And remembered as proof that nothing can stop great people no mater the circumstances.	3
A fantastic story told through a heavy-handed script and poorly directed film.	3
Absolutely fantastic.	5
A must see, a wonderful movie about African American women that made a huge contribution to the advancement of NASA & its' space launches. I enjoyed it thoroughly.	4
Absolutely outstanding movie! The acting is tremendous! There is some humor mixed in with some truly poignant moments. I highly recommend this movie!	5
saw at AMC 4-1-17. xlnt.Guess when you only have 2 hours to tell the story you don't have time to show any more than 2 white people who aren't too racist (Costner & John glenn.)I am eager to research the facts of this 'based on true events".I remember in school listening for the successful re-entry of John Glenn.	3
Great movie, but it has such a Hollywood sheen on it that it feels fake....if that makes any sense.	3
Excellent and inspirational true story.	5
Moving move that really shows the struggles that people suffered at the hands of other that thought that they were superior because of the colour of their skin. And the amazing People that we're able to pull through the struggle and rise above.	5
Very inspirational movie with good acting and theme.	5
What an extraordinary movie. A must see.	5
This movie is really good you should go see it	5
Sensational film, intense subject matter dealt within a delicate & engaging story.	5
Not the most sophisticated films you can catch in the cinema, yet it is effective enough to tell a compelling story.	4
The trailer says it all.	3
Even better than anticipated!	5
almost a perfect movie, which is also its downfall.	4
"Hidden Figures" was a great, uplifting historical film that featured magnificent acting (especially by the main three actresses Taraji P. Henson (who was not nominated for the Oscar; I felt she should have been), Octavia Spencer (who was nominated for the Best Supporting Actress Oscar; didn't win), and Janelle Monáe), outstanding direction by Ted Melfi, and a great story of African American women who manage to make their work at NASA become essential for the Space Race. Nominated for the Best Picture Oscar and Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar (didn't win either), "Hidden Figures" is nevertheless a really great film - sweet, sentimental, and very informing - that many would enjoy again and again!	5
A movie to see more than once!!	5
One of the best movies I've ever seen. This film is fantastic. Go see it.	5
Why did I not learn about these women in history class? A beautifully told, unbeknownst story that will leave you in tears of frustration and triumph. Amazing acting by a fierce trio.	5
This movie is so damn awesome and if you didn't watch it yet you don't deserve to live	5
Was very interesting and informative.	4
This movie is perfect! So inspirational!	5
Albeit its rather formulaic storyline, this is a fascinating movie about the Space Race, a significant event in American history, which is brilliantly acted by the cast.	4
A truly inspirational movie. ?????	5
Decent little movie.	4
Wow, such a powerful movie!! It brought tears to my eyes quite a few times!! Everyone should see this!!	5
Clichéd and Pharrell's music is god-awful. But, this movie is both beautiful and important. See it. Just try to understand that an idiot must have made it. An idiot who thought Pharrell was a talented musician.	3
Great inspirational story, but the acting was so so.	3
Great acting, good story... learned something new. It's always tough to watch racism in period pieces since it's hard to imagine people treating other people like that (although that was clearly the case).	4
Totally inspiring and wonderful. So rare to find a film with no bad language, no violence and full of amazing women.	5
Great film and I can see this being played for students in history class. Although it was obviously another film about civil rights movie it was done tastefully and it was entertaining. I really liked the acting especially by Kevin Costner. Also it was a pleasant surprise to see J. Monea give a solid performance. I recommend this film to everyone because it is an important tale about the space race.	4
Les Figures de l'Ombre souffre terriblement du syndrome Selma : le film est important, raconte une histoire importante pleine de bons sentiments légitimes, avec des acteurs déterminés à rendre hommage à une histoire édifiante et un script qui leur fait la part belle. Mais le film de Theodore Melfi n'a absolument AUCUNE idée de cinéma derrière son entreprise. En effet, il n'y a rien de vraiment remarquable dans ce film, qui est pourtant bien rythmé et qui marche du tonnerre quand Taraji P. Henson est à l'écran (quand on lui donne de bons rôles, cette actrice est remarquable). Cependant, on ne peut qu'être un peu déçu quand à l'absence totale de prise d'initiative par le réalisateur.	4
Beautiful story of strong women during difficult times. Loved it cant wait to rent it!	5
Powerful, beautiful, and well acted. What else is there to say? The plot was moving and it was brilliantly brought to life by everyone involved. Excellent!!	5
Great movie to see with a older kid! Definetly is something that you want to learn more about!	4
Incredible movie, incredible ladies. Why are we just hearing about them now. SMH. Casting was perfect. Seeing the real ladies at the end was icing on the cake!! So glad they were given recognition. It was chilling to see how life was not that long ago. Thank goodness things have changed for the better! It made you really sad about how people were treated but it was a good reminder.	5
Fantastic film!! I laughed and cried! I know it's a great movie great when I get to do both!!	4
Warm and witty performances by Spencer, Henson and Monae, the stoic moral stature Costner plays and unlikable-until-they're-reasonable turns by Dunst and Parsons make Hidden Figures a winner, a piece of unknown history rendered flesh and blood funny, uplifting and never less than entertaining. As Melfi proved in his previous film, St Vincent, he's good with actors and is a competent storyteller, but he can't resist underlining things that are already obvious. At a time when calls for diverse media dominate the industry, Hidden Figures hedges its bets with a family-friendly commercial solution: warm and fuzzy storytelling that's both progressive and safe. For all of its current touchstones, Hidden Figures feels far too late, both in the recognition these women deserve and the filmmakers' goodhearted but dull approach to their stories. Hidden Figures is an earnest movie, but not a very exciting one. The screenplay feels as engineered as a Gemini rocket launch, with every scene and line carefully calculated. The film aims for the stars but might have gone stratospheric if it cooled its jets ever so slightly. Hidden Figures is engaging, entertaining and enlightening -- but by playing fast and loose with historical fact, it risks blunting some of the story's eye-opening emotional force.VERDICT: "In The Zone" - [Mixed Reaction] These kinds of movies are usually movies that had some good things, but some bad things kept it from being amazing. This rating says buy an ex-rental or a cheap price of the DVD to own. If you consider cinema, ask for people's opinion on the film. (Films that are rated 2.5 or 3 stars)	3
The last movie that moved me this much was Saving Private Ryan. That's saying something. A triumph over multiple types of prejudice. Easily the best movie I've seen in a long time.	5
Based on a true story, Hidden Figures relates the highly improbable lives of three black women achieving success while working for NASA when racial and gender discrimination in America was still pervasive. Equally inspiring and empowering, it manages to endear us to their struggles while on their journey of self discovery and identity. The movie was a delight to watch from beginning to end.	4
Amazing script ( actually real life story), great acting, this one will go down as a classic.	5
Can't remember a recent time when I enjoyed a film based on a true story as well. Hats off to the acting team that pulled this together. It was an exhilarating, yet painful look back at an overlooked undertold story.	4
Wonderful movie, great cast!!!! ??????????	5
A very loveable film. Go girls, go! <3	4
Perfect films don't exist. They never have, and they never will. Though perfect scores are given out nonetheless.True stories (biographies) are my favourite genre. To me, they can get as close to perfection as possible. A well-made biopic has the power to shake us to our very core.Hidden Figures proves this beyond the shadow of a doubt. The story of three African-American women, fighting racism, who, against all odds believe in themselves and make their country proud.While telling their story, the film also tackles the issues of gender inequality and racism. Inequality between men and women in general and apartheid between the whites and colored. It seemed like being a black woman in 19th Century America was the worst life you could possibly have.This disparity was clearly seen in general public as well as within their space organization NASA. The film also understands that it wants to tell the story of these three women and not the story of racism in America at period of time. So, it never gets too preachy or deviates itself from the subject matter. Hitting all the right notes along the way.Taraji P. Henson (as Katherine Johnson), Janelle Monáe (as Mary Jackson) and Octavia Spencer (as Dorothy Vaughn) were outstanding. A special mention to Mahershala Alia (Colonel Jim Johnson) and my boy Jim Parsons (Paul Stafford) for their side roles. And Kevin Costner (Al Harrison) who gets some of the best lines.The directing, editing, visuals, cinematography & set pieces were on-point.As for issues, I think they should have dumbed it down a bit. It gets far too technical and mathematical, diving into analytical geometry and whatnot. Also the film doesn't have much re-watching value to it. I don't see myself watching it alone all by myself again. There are no action scenes or plot twists. Just a simple story told in a passionate way.Maybe I'm nitpicking here. Gather round with your family and watch this if you can. It is well worth your time. You won't be disappointed.5/5 Stars.	5
An amazing Movie and learning experience. A must watch for everyone to see.	5
An absolutely fantastic cast (even Kevin Costner was decent!) bringing to life and teaching us a part of our history that so many people did not know. I hope we can continue to shine bright lights on the smart, beautiful, and inspiring women and men that have been shoved to the back simply because of race. I highly recommend this to be watched with your children because they will be the ones to keep these stories alive.	4
Good movie great movie!!	5
Wow great movie ... and even more amazing because it tells the true story of these amazing trailblazing women! It came out of nowhere and I was blown away! We need more stories like this told as I know there's many more it there that should be told.	4
Good but don't understand the hype on it.	4
Insightful, unique point of view. Unheard-of story	4
Funny, riveting, and inspiring. Everything I expected from this movie I got- and more!	4
I understand the importance of the roles that the 3 ladies played in the real life but I find that the whole movie is a bit overrated I see it more as a documentary	3
One of the best empowering films I've seen in a long time.	5
Beautifully paced and engaging, this is a wonderfully constructed movie. Well acted, and enjoyable from start to finish.The three female leads are outstanding, particularly Taraji P Henson's increasingly confident and feisty performance.The extraordinary times these women had to endure is staggering for today's audiences to believe.Virtually all the men in NASA come out of this movie looking like idiots. Which is untrue and unfair, when you look at their overall contribution to the space race.Though it has to be said some more naive viewers of this film may be led to believe that three black women single-handedly were responsible for America sending the first man to the moon. When in reality hundreds of men and women of all races in NASA were crucial to that achievement. The fact that the black women involved got no recognition at all at the time, makes the movie's skewed emphasis understandable.Well worth watching and not preachy in any way.	5
Always love movies based on historical events.	3
A fantastic story that's true. Real life is a greater story than fiction. Wonderful acting all around. I couldn't recommend this film more. If you haven't seen it yet, what are you waiting for?	5
An incredible story: Why weren't we all taught this at school?! Sadly, a few unnecessary touches of schmaltz, no doubt for the American audience.	4
I loved the movie except that it had some annoying departures from the book that made some of the white people in the movie appear more heroic against standing up to racism than they really were. The African-American women were the real heroes here.	4
I don't understand why this didn't come ahead at the Oscars (perhaps the lack of profanity, and vulgarity). This movie has the proper racial profile to claim an Oscar in 2017, but a far better and interesting storyline that was based on real events in one of the most exciting periods in modern history.	5
Awesome story. Loved the characters and actresses who played them. Was happy to see a story of struggle without violence in the movie but did really make the point while telling a somber but true story that was bittersweet because of all that was accomplished but had to deal with adversity and racism.	5
What an amazing movie! Never would I have thought there were such a strong group of women behind NASA! Also it makes us realised how far we've come.	5
Some great performances hindered by a couple lackluster ones. Love the story of trust and triumph!	4
LOVE LOVE LOVE this movie!!! Entertaining, interesting, enjoyable. Watch it-you won't regret it!!	5
What an inspiring film, I really enjoyed it.	4
Two great stories packed into one movie. Feel good flick about segregation mixed with the Russian/American "space race."Not all heroes were in spaceships at NASA.	3
Wonderful movie and wonderful acting.	5
Pharrell's music ruined this for me	3
Remarkable film, 100% fresh.	5
È un film ben fatto che tratta in maniera leggera un argomento molto serio, ossia quello dell'emancipazione delle donne afro-americane negli Stati Uniti degli anni '60.Forse proprio questa frivolezza e la mancanza di momenti di vera riflessione, non mi hanno fatto appassionare più di tanto alla storia, che comunque nelle sue due ore è filata via liscia.La parte astronautica che fa da sfondo alla trama principale è assolutamente semplificata per renderla comprensibile ad un pubblico non specializzato, certo è che una qualche strizzatina d'occhio a noi nerd ce la potevano pure regalare..., invece siamo rimasti a bocca asciutta.	3
È un film ben fatto che tratta in maniera leggera un argomento molto serio, ossia quello dell'emancipazione delle donne afro-americane negli Stati Uniti degli anni '60.Forse proprio questa frivolezza e la mancanza di momenti di vera riflessione, non mi hanno fatto appassionare più di tanto alla storia, che comunque nelle sue due ore è filata via liscia.La parte astronautica che fa da sfondo alla trama principale è assolutamente semplificata per renderla comprensibile ad un pubblico non specializzato, certo è che una qualche strizzatina d'occhio a noi nerd ce la potevano pure regalare..., invece siamo rimasti a bocca asciutta.	3
Fantastic film!!! I had no idea women were so instrumental to the NASA space program.This film is very inspirational and very moving at times.	5
Filme simpático e giro mas "sem sal"... podia ter sido feito um telefilme disto. Daqui a 10 anos ninguém se lembra disto.	3
Amazingly well done!	5
amazing must watch movie. things we didn't know that happened behind the scenes in the space race. Before electronic computers, there were humans called computers leading the way.	4
Slightly heavy handed at times but well made telling of how black women came to work on the NASA rocket and moon landing projects.Well acted to the point that the USA just 50-60 years ago looks like completely alien.No spoiler, but the single issue that sits central to the film is something so ordinary that none of the white people in the entire organisation had noticed it.And I mean that seriously.The cast is good and although the film is a bit too wholesome at times, it is hard to find anything much wrong with it.I guess this now gets classified as historical drama.	4
Make sure you see this movie both for the historical information and the theatrical achievement...!!!!	5
Amazing movie that showed history and historical turning points. My almost 90 year old dad loved it! Performances were great.	5
This heartwarming film does justice to the amazing story it tells.Grade: A	4
Amazing film with A plus acting. Octavia Spencer's performance is outstanding. I can easily see why this got nominated for best film at the Oscars.	5
one of the best movies in the last 2 years. great acting and story	5
An AMAZING take on true history!	5
One of the Finest Movies we've seen in a Long, Long Time. A+++	5
Loved it. The story telling, the drama and just the fact the story is now told. Fantastic movie!	5
Very well done and one of my favorite movies for the award season. Henson, Spencer and Monae are very good and the story is great. From what I have read it is very historically accurate. A film worth spending the time to watch.	4
AMAZING MOVIE!!!!! Very inspiring.	5
A must see for everyone	5
Now this, this was an excellent movie. Take away the message of racism and sexism and it is a great movie. Add those things in and it elevated this move to a 5/5! The fact that it's roots are founded in truthjust elevates the message. The direction and acting were superb. I would recommend this movie to all.	5
Great film. A bit unnaturally acted and cliche in its dialog at times, but the story itself is well told even with liberties taken.	4
very good movie loved it	5
Delightful. Well-made, important, historic, intelligent, funny, sad, thrilling, inspiring, and true.	4
Awesome and powerful!	5
Excellent acting and riveting story. A reminder for us oldsters of just how awful things were back then.	5
As inspiring as it is corny. Langley Research Center and mechanical pencils FTW.	2
what a brilliant movie ! absolutely loved it, can't wait to see it again!!!!!	5
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and how the story positively portrayed the Black women who played such a cruical role in the history of NASA. It proved that no matter your gender or color, you can do amazing things!	4
Far exceeded my expectations, given the lousy ads. A solid case of history that needed to infinitely live via cinema. Expert use of its ensemble cast.	4
Worth every rave rating it has received!	5
No doubt one of the best movies I've ever seen! Two thumbs up!	5
AWESOME MOVIE! take place in the 1960sAfrican-america NASA	5
Might be my favorite film of the year. Powerful story, great acting, with enough anger inducing, and stand up and cheer moments to satisfy.	5
Great plot line, interesting characters and it's true. What an uplifting and informative film. It sheds light on the struggles of minorities in our country's history that younger people may not have realized or appreciated. It opened my eyes and introduced me to some remarkable people I'll never forget.	4
One of the best true story movies. Truly heartwarming.	5
is a feel good biopic of three African-American women working for NASA in the 1960's breaking the shackles of racism in a white dominated society. It is the story of Katherine G. Johnson (Taraji P. Henson), Dorothy Vaughan (Octavia Spencer) and Mary Jackson (Janelle Monáe) who chased their dreams and inspired many. A good watch!	4
I liked it but not as much as others seem too. It can be very cliched at times and just seemed to be missing somehing.	3
Brilliantly Crafted with an extraordinary plot, script, director, everything. The acting was amazing and you will love this!	5
That was a GREAT movie! I'm in my living room giving a standing ovation!!! Wow! :)))))	5
A little known piece of history is the subject of this crowd-pleasing drama, celebrating the contribution of black women during the early days of America's space program. Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer, and Janelle Monae are two mathematicians and an engineer, respectively, who make important calculations that allow astronaut John Glenn (a much too young Glen Powell) to successfully orbit the earth. Writer-director Theodore Melfi tells the story in broad strokes with no real surprises and the racial dynamic is presented with minimal tension, but it isn't overly inspirational or sentimental. What makes the movie so pleasurable is watching these smart, sassy, confident women use their intelligence to overcome racial prejudice and sexism during the Civil Rights era. Written by Melfi and Allison Schroeder, based on the book by Margot Lee Shetterly. With Kevin Costner, Kirsten Dunst, Jim Parsons, Mahershala Ali.	3
amazing film. these are the types of movies that deserve a sequel.	5
A really absorbing movie	5
Feminism? 1960s clothes? NASA? Brilliant dialogue and gorgeous cinematography?? Did I watch this movie in a dream???	5
Uplifting and sturdily grounded, the story of a trio of African-American female NASA brains - Katherine G. Johnson (Taraji P. Henson), Dorothy Vaughan (Octavia Spencer) and Mary Jackson (Janelle Monáe) - facing off segregation and gender discrimination in an agency responsible for advancing the future for mankind provokes thoughts on the irony of a bigoted science community.	4
"It maybe a straightforward and by-the-numbers biopic but "Hidden Figures" is an entertaining and dazzling movie that honors the accomplishments these women achieved without being too coy and genuine"Movie Review: Hidden FiguresDate Viewed: January 14 2017Directed By Theodore Melfi (St. Vincent)Screenplay By Theodore Melfi and Alison Schroeder, Based on the non-fiction novel by Margot Lee ShetterlyStarring: Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer, Janelle Monae, Kirsten Dunst, Kevin Costner, Jim Parsons, Mahershala Ali, Glen Powell, Donna Biscoe, Rhoda Griffis, Maria Howell, Aldis Hodge, Paige Nicollette, Gary Weeks and Kimberly Quinn.This untold story about the visionary trio from NASA is all fine and sunny side by best. It is well-acted and occasionally corny historical drama about the three African-American women who helped and calculated the space flight trajectories for NASA. "Hidden Figures" is clearly a school field trip movie and it succeeds in that front. The untold story about three black women geniuses at NASA is nothing new but it doesn't matter, just put the minor problems and skeptics aside and enjoy "Hidden Figures" for what it is.Set in the early 1960s, the story is about three African-American women, mathematician Katherine G. Johnson (Taraji P. Henson), informal supervisor Dorothy Vaughan (Octavia Spencer) and aspiring engineer Mary Jackson (Janelle Monae) who overcame an unfair and repressive work-place system and became inspiring trailblazers for NASA. These talented women work for the Space Task Group which is headed by director Al Harrison (Kevin Costner).With Russia just launching a successful satellite into space, it puts the U.S. behind and Harrison receives enormous pressure from his superiors to double their work efforts and put American astronauts into space. NASA supervisor Vivian Mitchell (Kirsten Dunst) assigns Katherine to become the first African-American woman in the team but she gets dismissed by her colleagues and is forced to work under tyrant head engineer, Paul Stafford (Jim Parsons).Katherine is front and center of this story, she helped coordinated the space trajectories for the Mercury 7 which launched astronaut John Glenn (Glen Powell) into orbit and other future NASA missions. Not only is she a mathematician at heart, she's also a widowed mother of three daughters and she even pursues a relationship with an Army officer (nicely played by Mahershala Ali).Mary Jackson wants to be NASA's main engineer but she can't pursue that job unless she has a engineering degree so she takes evening classes in the hopes of getting that position. Dorothy Vaughn who serves as group supervisor hopes to get the position of main supervisior but the condescending Vivian Mitchell won't allow it because she believes that an African-American woman should not be required to get the same equal and pay status as white women."Hidden Figures" launches successfully as an uplifting and compelling movie thanks to strong performances from Henson, Spencer and Monae and Theodore Melfi's potent direction. Melfi who previously directed the sentimentally gooey Bill Murray comedy "St. Vincent" provides a fierce iron hand and self-determination in his three leads and the screenplay by Melfi and Alison Schroeder is just as feel-good and inspiring as Ron Howard's "Apollo 13".It maybe a straightforward and by-the-numbers biopic but "Hidden Figures" is an entertaining and dazzling movie that honors the accomplishments these women achieved without being too coy and genuine.	3
I'm fallin' in love with every part, every detail, and every piece of it!!!	5
mulheres maravilhosas <3	3
the cast was amazing and powerful.	5
A partially accurate and occasionally ludicrous tale. Every movie in this formula does the same hyping of bad whites and heroic promotion of the minorities involved.Worst (silliest) example? When the army of black women (who read one manual) March down the hall, shove aside a herd of helpless and dumbfounded white men and instantly put the computer room in order. And that's just one of many.Why? The story was valid and could have stood on its own without turning it into a fairy tale. There actually were very bright and under-appreciated black women working on the program. But where this script says "based on a true story," they should inject the warning "heavily modified to fit the agenda."	2
amazing story, well told	4
It's the perfect intellectual feel-good movie that makes you think and question. Beautiful.	5
Great characters, historical context and story ! Loved it !	5
This movie was awe inspiring and thought provoking. To see these women being this monumental task into fruition was awesome. I'm talking about putting astronaut John Glenn into orbit and bringing him safely back. A feat that even so called powerful computers failed to do. Come up with the correct numbers for the capsules correct trajectory. This movie not only broke race barriers, it shines at showing the power of human ingenuity.	5
Overrated and oscar bated. Just because it covers a delicate and serious topic does not automatically make it a great movie. Saying that it's still good but it's just one of those movies that are made to appeal to everyone so everyone likes it.	3
decently made though formulaic feel good biopic.	3
I was disappointed in the way the story deviated from the actual history. Otherwise, it was amazing!	3
How did we not know this story? Acting was amazing!	5
loved it, do the math , go no go, zone , humans, physicists, engineers, computer assisted, had to take the kids to see these heroes, recommending to all i know	5
Excellent movie with a new historical perspective and respect for people of color involved in the Space Race of the 1960s.	4
Such an inspirational movie!	4
excellent movie about history	5
Best film I've seen in a long time	5
Revealed a story that I wasn't aware of about the NASA program	3
La película de hidden figures es una increíble historia basada en hechos reales la cual logra atrapar a su audiencia en muy poco tiempo, esta se disfruta mucho al ver, en mi opinión esta muy bien desarrollada ya que cuenta todo a su ritmo sin que sientas que apresura o tarda mucho en contar algún detalle, todo es contado a su debido tiempo.	3
Shiny, but awful story.	1
Not quite as good as the Tomatometer suggests, Hidden Figures' story and characterizations are too clichéd for its own good. However, the acting is great across the board, especially from Parsons and Henson.	2
Reminded me of watching films in social studies class when a substitute teacher is in.	3
little clunky and heavy handed in it's delivery of the key message, but overall a great film.	3
Hidden figures is one of the best and most important movies of the year. It is necessary to see this because this movie teach us that it doesn't matter the adversity if you "fight" you can get what you want. The only thing that I don't like about this beautiful movie is that they didn't tell us the story of this 3 impressive women before.	5
Excellent movie. Great story and acting.Highly recommend.	5
As an African American person, I was very much unaware of these magnificent women's accomplishments. I am glad to know these facts now. We as a people have made great thrives in making America "great". Hollywood studios should make more movies about these types of people and less of the violence ones.	5
Un film qui est important, bien exécuté et divertissant. En d'autres termes, c'est un vrai plaisir pour la foule. Un seul rythme de tension dès la première minute jusqu'à la dernière.	5
Great movie!!! I recommend this one.	5
Amazing and inspirational	5
Top 5 movie I've ever seen!	5
top notch movie, I really liked the line "I pay taxes for the library I will use the library" that happened for over a half century. People of color paying taxes for the white only facilities and education. Basically proving African American were still slaves 100 yrs after the civil war.	5
A heartwarming story with plenty of humour and drama. Well acted by the mains	3
Very good movie the actors were great! The story was great. The character development was very well done!	4
Great story with great acting.	4
Oscar Best Foreign Film? It is surely a fine film executed by Asghar Farhadi in exploring the significance of honour to Iranian men. However, it is not his best work, let alone beating the Danish and Swedish candidates. It is so sad that the Academy sacrificed the best work at the expense of propagating their Anti-Trump agenda.	3
The film challenges you to take a side in a moral gray area that's driven with complex character relations. Grade: B+	4
Although the ending was ambiguous, i loved this movie. There is a realness to the story, the characters, the details. It's a quality, hearty work and not at all pretentious and artsy as i thought it would be.	4
4.1/5The films Farhadi makes usually take a while to turly exhibit their full dramatic punch, but the product as a whole, and even better with its deep moral subtext, is nothing short of artistically mesmerizing.	4
Exploring the topic of physical abuse can be tricky, but with subtlety, beautifully played characters and rich nuance it can be an emotionally satisfying experience, just as The Salesman is. Making parallels with the Arthur Miller play 'Death Of A Salesman' which I am admittedly not a big fan of since I was forced to read it in school, the story follows a couple in the aftermath of an attack in their home, which leaves scars deeper than they could have ever imagined. It's a family drama, a mystery, a thriller, a revenge flick, so many things rolled into one. The 2 leads are highly acclaimed in Iran and deservedly so, for they instil their characters with believability and gravitas, and the directorial decision to focus largely on their facial expressions allow us to witness every emotion they are going through in the most intimate of senses. The pacing is a little sluggish, and the final confrontation, while wrapping things up very nicely, does go on a bit long, and could do with a trim, but the film is otherwise solid. An engrossing, gripping analysis of when your home, your sanctuary, is no longer as safe as you'd hoped, and you're forced to deal with the horrifying consequences.	4
No one makes a character study like Farhadi. The incorporation of "Death of a Salesman" here is brilliant, with the plot perfectly mirroring that play's examination of male hubris and humiliation while never appearing heavy handed.	4
ak?l kötümserli?e çal???r.	5
This movie was good in overall, Farhadi is a great director and writer, I like that you end up totally not knowing what's happening next, And the love and hate relationship you have for each character, The movie also has an amazing cast.	3
Clearly a foreign independent (small budget, all dialogue, no effects), but wonderfully done. Acting is superb, and while the storyline is tough, it's classy in the portrayal. Good for video/on demand/OTT.	3
An interesting alternative title might have been "Shame."This won the Oscar for Best Foreign Film in 2017. Its director and script writer Asghar Farhadi is celebrated throughout the world as a great talent. I can see why. He's original and he gets great performances from his actors. Nonetheless I had to force myself to stay with this. It was so depressing in a most annoying way. The fear and the nearly all-consuming self-loathing that Rana (Taraneh Alidoosti) experiences after being assaulted in her own bathroom is in part culturally based, as is the plot of her husband Emad (Shahab Hosseini) for a secretive revenge.BEWARE SPOILERSRana's fear is real because she doesn't know who assaulted her, and part of her shame is understandable since she carelessly opened her door of their apartment without knowing for sure who was coming up. But a significant part of her shame is because the more conservative interpretations of Islam (and other tribal religions as well, by the way) blame the woman if she is raped. This complexity of emotions is part of what no doubt fascinated many viewers.But I stayed with the movie, or actually I returned to it the next day. I was surprised at the resolution; I was surprised at Emad's sense of guilt. Yes, a man should be there to protect his wife, and perhaps if had been quicker at the market nothing would have happened. And perhaps there is guilt because he didn't investigate the circumstances of the apartment rental more thoroughly. (Apparently the previous tenant was a prostitute.) So in a sense they moved into a house of prostitution, as it were. And it is not beside the point to realize that Emad is playing Willie Lohman in a small theatre production of Arthur Miller's acclaimed play, "The Death of a Salesman," a character who is ashamed because he sees himself as a failure.Again we can see the complexities that Farhadi insists upon.Okay here are my problems with the movie. First though I should say that viewers who are not Iranian and not Muslim including myself may very well miss some of the subtleties and preconceptions of the action.1. Why the ambiguity about the rape? Or maybe it was clear and I wasn't able to discern that.2. Why is the guilty party a character who almost certainly could not commit the rape? (He could barely get up the stairs.)3. We know why Emad and Rana don't go to the police. (Only shame will result possibly without ever catching the perp.) However Emad's revenge plan of humiliating the assailant seems elaborate and slow to action. After all Emad has overwhelming evidence as to who did it. He just has to find him.4. The culprit's truck just sits there and then they move it. Is would seem that best strategy would be to report the truck as being parked illegally (do that yourself if necessary since you have the keys), call the police and see who shows up.But again I don't live in Tehran so I really don't know what would have been the best way to proceed. What I do know is that Farhadi might have guided the general viewer less opaquely.Bottom line: definitely worth seeing, but I suspect Farhadi's "A Separation" (2011) which I haven't seen is a better film. --Dennis Littrell, author of the movie review book, "Cut to the Chaise Lounge or I Can't Believe I Swallowed the Remote"	4
Una vez màs Asghar Farhadi acierta.	4
So many stories within stories, yet so profoundly nuanced and moving and modern.	4
7/7/17 Amazon PrimeBecame a fan of Farhadi with his A Separation. This was not as good but certainly entertaining enough to hold your interest for the 2 hour run. A morality play with an ending that lets the viewer decide what just happened and why.	3
This movie has absolutely no redeeming value. It's a waste of time.	1
Excessive mannerism and lacking subtlety	2
Not what I expected. I found it to be quite boring.	2
When the realistic right and an emotional wrong collides.This is one of the last films I watched as I cleared almost all the titles of this year's Oscars. It is a French-Iranian co-production, but selected and won the Academy Awards for Iran. From the well know filmmaker of that region whose film had already won the same award in the not so past. I'm not just addicted to Hollywood. I'm a film fanatic because I give equal preference to films of the whole world. So I have seen as many as this year's submission for the Oscars in the category of the Foreign Language Films. And there are lots better films than this, that even did not make into the final five. From my perspective, this is an okay film, even comparing with the rest of the fellow nominees, including that I thought that would win, 'Under Sandet'. The mess is all because of Trump effect, as same reason 'Moonlight' to win the main trophy.At least it was not an average film like 'A Separation', though not a masterpiece like 'The Past' that did not even nominated for the Oscars. It stands between them. The title name is not exactly relevant to the story. But it helped to extend the plot for an extra 20-30 minutes. An unnecessary subplot, which really were the boring parts. Or you can say, just to attract the western audience with their ingredient and that worked out as planned for the filmmakers. Except those theatre portions, the rest of the film and its storyline looked like I was watching a French thriller.It is about a young couple who are forced to relocate to another house after their apartment building was declared not safe anymore for some kind of construction taking place in the nieghbourhood which is affecting it. The man is managing his job at a school as a teacher and the remaining time as a theatre artist along with his wife. The life was as usual, till one day something bad happens to his wife at home in his absence. Now he's raged to find the culprit, but once if he did what happens and how the story ends was the another twist.?It's obvious you're not the one who found your wife the other day, otherwise you wouldn't say that.?It was a very slow start. I mean the opening scene was like racy. And then following, it slowed to build the momentum. That does not mean the characters were developed so well. It only moves forward with constructing what are all needed for later parts. Once it enters the third act, the scenario changes. It looked like another film, another genre. Too tense moment and tight plot for the grand finale. Yep, that is the part makes this film to forget everything you saw in the earlier.Whatever happened in that part, I felt it was right, though I think culturally it differs the outcome. I mean, that's not philosophically the Iran we know or the religion they worship. You can say the western films badly portrayed them in their films, but if you look at their history, the film ending was shocking. So I thought, the end chaos was for among themselves. If the outsiders (westerners) were involved, it would have been a differently dealt.Very good performances. But not perfectly written screenplay as I pointed out a few things in the earlier paragraphs. And another thing was, the character, particularly the mysterious one, I was not satisfied how it had been developed. He enters the frame only at the last moment. The narration was very suspense and a bit thriller, but then all the sudden everything comes crumbling down since the end was very near to cease the procession. My point is, how that X man was netted does not make sense in reality. Being a film, it has no problem at all.So, it was a good film, but not as good as it was praised or won the Oscars. Yeah, definitely worth a watch. The setting was very good, except the ending, as the opinion differs from people to people and the amount of damage on how to deal with such situation. Overall, a little good message at the end, but not exactly a moral message as it brings more destruction towards the GOOD over the BAD which always win with a strong sentimental grip, no matter whoever involved in it.6.5/10	3
Five out of five. What a movie. I couldn't breath during the last 10 minutes!!!	5
It couldn't keep my attention as well as his other movies. But all in all pretty good.	4
I find it refreshing an Iranian movie can be successful overseas without being pretentious or experimental (I'm looking at you, Abbas Kiarostami). The Salesman is a revenge pic set in the real world, and is a thoroughly fascinating character study.	4
Not my favorite Farhadi. Movie is good but not one of the best five foreign films last year.	3
The Salesman is compelling drama and mystery almost the whole way through due to its excellent performances, meta-dynamics, and a sharp script that takes any rose-colored glasses off of the audience when it comes to its dexterous characterization.	4
BUENA, me gusta la narrativa del director, una historia "simple" la hace drama, misterio, thriller, suspenso; los giros de tuerca son sorprendentes. OjO película no apta para los que ven cine "no pensar-pura diversión". Empieza lenta y luego deja un final de reflexión.	3
A mysterious and unfolding drama which left so much unsaid and the pacing and acting exentuate the effect.	4
This year's winner of Best Foreign Language Oscar is well deserved. The story of a marriage (Farhadi's major theme) will haunt you for a long time. His other Oscar winning movie is The Arrangment (see that one too!).	5
Despite the film never clarifying exactly what happened to Rana (wife) in the attack I think it is clear. I loved and hated how this movie made me feel. It felt like this could happen and this is close to how most would deal with the trauma. I liked seeing the repression of the details due to cultural norms of that part of the world (Iran in this case), which leads to mistrust/non-involving the police. Powerfully emotional film. I was felt sick and angry and lost as the main characters tried to navigate thru the mess and manage to survive though severely scarred.	4
An absorbing and compelling story. Provides an intriguing and rarely seen view of Iranian life.	5
The acting was of quality, and whilst the storyline was interesting, that is where it ended for me unfortunately. Whilst I watched through the whole movie, I was waiting for something that just never came.	2
Hosseini performs his role wonderfully in this very deep, complicated film, whose ending is very bittersweet, and somewhat anticlimactic.	4
Good drama featuring convincing performances but not an amazing film overall.	3
"Forushande" proves, alongside other non-American films like "Elle" and "Toni Erdmann", that 2016 was one of the best years for foreign languages films, one of the best thrillers of the year thanks to the brilliant perormances and to Asghar Farhadi's direction! One hell of a movie, a cold, sad and harsh movie.!	5
Those acquainted with Farhadi's works can easily see what he is trying to say about the complexity of situations and people's actions, although he is not that successful this time, with the film being too heavy-handed in the way it wants us to sympathize with an aggressor.	3
Thematically following in the footsteps of the triumphant A Separation, Asghar Farhadi's The Salesman tackles similar themes of martial discord and moral suspense. With a confident performance from the familiar Shahab Hosseini and equally strong turns from the supporting cast, the film is subtly gripping and propulsive. The Death of a Salesman "story within a story" may be lost on some (such as myself), and the moral ambiguity will turn off some viewers as well. We know not of a character's life or death nor do we know if the marriage endures. But that is the point; life is never so black and white.	4
A couple moves into an apartment that unbeknown to them was occupied by a less than honorable woman (code for prostitute) and the wife is attacked by someone who might have mistaken her for the previous tenant. All this takes place while a theatre company, in which the couple are the leads, are in final rehearsal for a production of Death of A Salesman. Set in writer-director, Asghar Farhadi?s home country of Iran and similar to his previous film, A Separation, which is admittedly better and more engaging, we see another marriage being tested under a set of stressful circumstances. This time, though, it is slightly meandering and sometimes narratively baffling (at least when filtered through our more Western eyes) but nevertheless it is an observant and fascinating film that explores the themes of guilt, shame and forgiveness in a male dominated Muslim society and won him a second Oscar for Movie in a Foreign Language (deservedly beating Toni Erdmann but Land of Mine from Denmark trumps both in my opinion). The couple?s cultural and intellectual backgrounds give them a sense of modernity that contrast with their more conventional and in the husband?s case, primal, reactions. Though I am not convinced how much depth and poignancy the juxtaposition of Arthur Miller?s play adds to the film and a simpler narrative structure might have been more effective. The middle section sags and works less well than the final section when the culprit is revealed and confronted in a claustrophobic and very theatrical setting, re-energising the film just in time for the powerful, melodramatic and gripping ending.	3
The master of suspense creates another thriller out of nowhere...	4
The Salesman is a superbly acted, quietly effective film set in modern day Iran. It is concerned with guilt and moral repercussions. Iranian director Asghar Farhadi is a master of cinema and although this probably isn't as great as his masterpiece A Separation this is still a very fine film that probes into the human condition with great effect. A husband and wife are thrown into conflict and turmoil when an intruder invades their new apartment. As she withdraws into guilt and fear he seeks answers. This is a beautifully rendered piece, full of nuance and subtlety. It moves along slowly but always keeps the audience captured with its high intelligence.	4
Well-written and well-acted Iranian drama.	3
Well-written and well-acted Iranian drama.	3
Another riveting and thrilling masterpiece from gifted writer-director Asghar Farhadi. Not to be missed!	4
If the story would have been a bit dramatic and not stalled at sometimes, it would have been a 10 star !	4
Farhadi is back with another great conflict drama, set in Iranian theme. The humanity is always shown first, than the more darker side of human emotions. Yet still in controlled terms, its shivering with morality barriers, solid work..	3
not predictable, very dramatic.	3
An undoubtedly well made film with fine acting that was a good film but failed to capture my attention through out.I'm not sure if it comes down to culture differences or the social themes simply went over my head. There where some great scenes but overall fell flat.It's great to see nation's like Iran making films for the world stage & I'm sure may appeal to more national audiences basically not my cup of tea.	2
a Iranian film, written & directed by Asghar Farhadi, The Salesman is beautifully made and Shahab Hosseini gives a remarkable performance. Farhadi is best when it comes to family dramas, as we have seen in 'The Separation'. Here too he is able to build a solid plot for a gripping suspenseful thriller. The movie won the Oscar this year for Best Foreign Language Film of the Year. A very good absorbing drama.	4
This is a magnificent and gorgeous film. Farhadi shows ones again, that simple stories can become huge in its own way creating emotion and complexity	5
Winner of Academy Award Best Picture in A Foreign Language. Director has won the same award in 2012(or 2011) with the movie by the name of Separation which I prefer. I have not seen the play 'Death of a Salesman' so I don't really understand the connection.	2
As an Iranian, I was dubious that if winning the Oscar was a political case due to Hollywood's resistance against recent chaotic presidency. Watching the movie, at first, I felt uneasy with the sequence of events, but as the movie progressed it got under my skin and I could not stay on my chair. I was not able to sit but my whole mind and soul was nailed to the story until it finished. Mr. Farhadi did it again. Every scene, word, and sound in the movie contributes to the elaboration of this portray that transforms my entire perception of realities. This movie is in Tehran and in Farsi and I do not know how much others would feel the depth of the selection of the words and cultural sensitivities. But I have the feeling that if it was in another language I would feel it all. It is to non farsi speakers to let us know. (For example the scene in the cab. That is a carpool system from major destinations in the city; like a shuttle service and they take four passengers in a sedan. They used to even carpool 5 passengers until the city made it a law that the front sit can only take one passenger. At that time the front sit was the most uncomfortable sit and usually people paid double to get the whole front sit for herself/himself. At that time it was a common scene that the women were touched inappropriately and they asked the driver to get off the cab or change their sit)Anyways, please let me know how did you understand the movie and how did you comprehend the cultural contents. If you haven't seen the movie yet. Just be prepared that you are going to feel the world differently afterwards.Enjoy :)	5
Shatteringly dramatic, confrontationally gripping and unforeseeable neo-noir thriller by the master writer director Asghar Farhadi. It starts with an average story but the way the director superimposes the characters with minimal allusions and rich textures reaching a devastating climax makes this an elegant Classic. The 2 lead actors are very remarkable in their haunting rendering as a tragic couples and they shine in every moment they appear. This marks the fifth film I have seen from this writer director and I have to say this guy is one of the most gifted filmmakers in the worldwide...	5
this movie is better even than his last one. The way he challenged humanity was amazing.	5
Good film, with very strong acting. The film drags a little bit in the middle, but overall offers an insightful view of how a family copes with tragedy.	3
4 1/2 Stars. Holy hell, I need to get my hands on Farhadi's other films asap. This was excellent. It's been awhile since I've seen a film get me this tense and in a trance on what I'd do in the main characters positions. Incredible questions on morality that'll leave you completely paralyzed. The main actors I this film are absolutely astounding. Shahab Hosseini and Taraneh Alidoosti are remarkable and well deserved Oscar nominations for these performances. Glad it seems that Farhadi sticks with these amazing actors. Can't wait to watch his others now. God knows I've been meaning to for quite some time!	4
the salesman is a best film than iran's cinema	5
This film has made me think hard in the week since I saw it. Sort of an Iranian Rashomon, this story gives you multiple equally valid angles on a single event that concerns sexual impropriety. In this age of polarization, at least here in the US, I feel we have lost the ability to see situations in a complex way, which means having an open mind and a willingness to try to understand your enemy. In this sense I feel we have been dumbed down as a nation, myself included. We tend to demonize rather than understand. I learned so much about Iran and perhaps the Middle East from this film. The subtlety of thinking here, which many in the audience will outright reject, is the very foundation of compassion. "Lock em up and throw away the key". "They should have considered the consequences before they did what they did". Such are the prevailing mantras on the right and on the left in this incarceration nation. This film has a insidious power absent in so much of Hollywood glam-tertainment. It sounds a bell that keeps ringing long after you have left the theater. A call to complexity.	5
Exceptional movie - realistic and riveting. Acting was exemplary.	5
A couple move into a new apartment, unaware that the former tenant had been a prostitute. One of her former clients visits while the wife is home alone, and an assault occurs. This incident sends the husband down a gradually escalating spiral of anger and vengeance, putting a deep strain on their marriage. As with "A Separation" and "About Elly", Farhadi sets up a situation that seems derived from routine genre fare, in this case, the rape-revenge film, and uses it to explore complex moral questions and Iranian society, particularly how women's choices are narrowed by it's religious institutions. While this isn't the masterpiece that "A Separation" is, it's a truly great film.	4
Superbly acted. I can see why this got an Oscar. That is backed up by an interesting story too, which is powerful, and focuses on the effects of post trauma and getting revenge for those you love.	4
Very good movie. From time to time the storyline didn't seem plausible.	4
Really impressive.Shadows twisted, IT?S PERFECT.	5
The Salesman is very difficult and even unpleasant to watch at times, but it is worth it as it is such a powerful, deep and richly layered picture that fascinated me and engaged me emotionally. The performances from Shahab Hosseini and Taraneh Alidoosti are absolutely fantastic and the direction from Asghar Farhadi is simply brilliant. He is definitely one of the best and most talented directors working today. This film is so well written with great dialogue, but with the last, prolonged sequence being the highlight; it is complex and thought-provoking in its difficult situation. It is undoubtedly one of the best films of 2016.	4
Didn't like it. I liked A Separation, the Past and About Elly quite a lot, but this one is the worst of the four.	2
I just saw this in sanjose ca , live it, just subtitle is not understandable very good by foreigners than its persian language	5
A mediocre movie that just happened to be made in Iran. Can't believe it won an Oscar for best foreign language film. As a normal English language release, it wouldn't have lasted a week in the theatres.	2
A medieval morality play in the skin of contemporary hyper-realism.	5
I really like this film makers movies. They are so well done. I think this one was a bit too long for me, which is rare i get distracted by the length. A number of scenes could have been deleted. I also found parts confusing. But overall the acting and the way he depicts every day life is pretty great. Very interesting how it became more about his ego than his wife being attacked. Also you never really know what happened to her, which i thought was pretty smart.	4
Three things are always included in a Asghar Farhadi movies: morally grey areas, ambiguous endings, and a heaping ton of Iranian flair. This one finds a couple going at odds with each other during the run of their play of Arthur Miller's Death of a Salesman when an accident devastates the wife to her very core. Farhadi coolly has them bubbling with tension and anger, especially a scene where the husband yells at his class, or when he freaks out at his wife when she demands he takes time off work. The movie winds down to a very sinister powerful climax, completely gripping and keeping you on your toes. Its not as completely well rounded as his previous films, but The Salesman is a solid drama on its own right.	3
The film itself isnt that bad dramawise but its very overrated. Some behaviour of the actors are inexplicable may be as the result of conservative society the film tries to portray but the both couples are really not well-connected. As if the whole society is self pretentious, males are over protective and females are illogical, self-indulgent. Overall the portrayel is confusing unlike other works of Farhadi.	1
As compelling as the acting is, 'The Salesman' isn't a movie for the masses. Some really interesting themes to notice in this movie and a lot to learn about Iranian films. Recommended watch to anyone but keep patience on your side.	3
Another solid film from Iranian director Asghar Farhadi.	4
Strong drama! I was amazed with the depth of the characters and the story	5
Another really good piece of work by Asghar Farhadi, but A Separation still stays as my favourite one among his films.	4
One of the best movies of 2016.	4
Powerful story that will linger with you for some time.	3
Without it yet being an actual problem, watching this felt like Farhadi has become a bit too self-aware, dangerously close to falling into the black hole of his own creativity. A tad too stylized, a lashing too structured, The Salesman is still a profoundly personal movie, anthropocentric to almost a fault without ever crossing that line; a fine balance the filmmaker has proven to be masterful at keeping.The story is simple, held elegantly against the backdrop of Miller's Death of a Salesman; a play in which our heroes are portraying the main characters as a recreational activity. The protagonists' plight is being juxtaposed with that of Willy's and Linda's, elevating the sudden darkness befalling their happiness to an allegory pertaining the small; those innocuous details that can either support or break a union in the aftermath of a domestic crisis.Much like Willy's burden of mediocrity, Emad is being defined by his own perceived inability to successfully tend to his wife, Rana, in the aftershock of an attack that quickly adorns their skin with wrinkles of instability. Cracks appear, on their walls of their home, the build of their marriage, the very foundation of his mental equilibrium and in the process of his wife's healing, the tables are slowly being turned.Rana lifts her chin in subtle pride as she dusts the burden of self-pity off her bruised shoulders and ventures to reestablish herself in a state of weightless normalcy. All the while, Emad seems to be caving under the pressure of his own contradicting duality -- a man who desperately seeks to regain control of a suddenly derailed life, a husband needing to protect, shield and amend in vengeful anger while, simultaneously, mending in kindness, fear, and worry. Two people journeying through life side by side are now being torn to opposite poles in a way subepidermal enough to have you fearing for their relationship without even realizing at what point exactly you reached that emotional status.Farhadi's signature move, it would seem.My personal gripe. The Salesman cuts deep without pushing -- a beautiful movie featuring some stellar acting by almost everyone involved, no argument there. However, and much to my disappointment, I found it falling short during the third act.Emad's inner turmoil leads to many spasmodic, irrational reactions from the beginning of the tale but during the last part of the film, the character becomes unrealistic, like the final scene had been already filmed and Farhadi needed to mold something out of nothing to just get us there.Underwhelming finish aside, the overall outcome is still worth of tremendous praise, even if, for some of you who might end up sharing my views, it finishes not in thunderous applause but a thoughtful sigh of contentment.	3
Today in why Asghar Farhadi is the greatest director working currently:The Salesman rips you apart from your psyche and sucks you into the harrowing vacuum it creates with every single frame, playing like a thriller.	5
A magnificent film. A true tragic drama of characters dealing with shame and the inescapable gender roles one needs to play. It is also a fantastic re-interpretation of Arthur Miller's Death of a Salesman.	5
Very good film. Very through provoking and very intense at the end. Definitely a movie that makes you think. The acting was great, the writing was great, and the pacing was great. The only bad thing was how it took a bit to get into the movie.	4
Walked right into the trap.	3
An interesting Iranian film that is up for an oscar... it is set around a couple that are appearing in a production of "Death of a Salesman" but the film is essentially a thriller. Good performances.. not sure how i feel about the ending but the movie was pretty good.	3
the fourth straight bullseye from farhadi, themes of revenge and forgiveness, although that would be an oversimplification	4
An amazing masterpiece with a twist at the end. I really enjoyed watching it.	5
Although the IMDB blurb gives the impression that this couple is in crisis because of the play they're in, they are, in fact, in crisis because of her assault. It's a super realistic view of what happens when a core trauma intrudes on an ordinary life. In the brilliant use of the two houses, the director shows the fractures in their life viscerally.	3
This is the second time Farhadi is nominated for Oscars! It was predictable and every minutes I felt the pain and agony the characters went through! The story telling was mix of theatre and real life and how they coincide! I loved the movie and hates the helplessness I felt for the woman who would never feel safe in her home after the attack! ????A + Iran for Oscars and hope they can travel to US ????	5
As a film nominated for an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film, The Salesman is another hidden gem from writer/director Asghar Farhadi, and it's one of the intriguing and thrilling films I've seen this year, and it's also one of the best foreign language films I've seen in 2017!	5
Really good . Glad I watched it . I'll remember it for a while . Gripping final acts ... Hope it wins the Oscar ! Well done !! Between 4.5 and 5 stars	5
I loved this film. You should see it. It grabs you from the opening scene, and doesn't let go. CDW	4
Very emotional. Great movie	5
4/5. This extremely well-written, acted and directed depiction of middle-class life in modern Iran is even better when its storyline evolves in parallel with Arthur Miller's play, "Death of a Salesman", parts of which are shown throughout the film.	4
Wow! Just Wow! What a smart and class take on the who done it that displays the full ability of Shahab Hosseini. Hosseini plays a husband who is a teacher, but acts in his spare time with his wife who he loves so deeply, when she is assaulted he craftily deploys his inner Columbo to try and find the culprit. The support cast is super but Taraneh Alidoosti, who plays the wife is multi-leveled. The result is a new strategy to the old detective story from a Muslim nation. Don't be afraid of the subtitles, this is a worthwhile picture and deserves to be seen. I can't recommend this enough. Final Score: 9.3/10	4
Terrific plot, awesome acting, nice twist. It is worth your money.	5
Really good movie. This director is excellent. The Separation was so good , too. I think back , when movies changed your perspective. They effect you and impact your belief system. What would you do in this situation ? They entertain you and make you think. If you enjoy solid drama , then I think that you would also like this movie.	5
The Salesman is Emad, a youngish man married to Rana, who is also his partner on stage for a performance of "Death of a Salesman." Emad is an actor and literature teacher, who must care for his Rana after she is sexually assaulted. He does not arm himself and hunt down the perp, a-la Liam Neeson or Mel Gibson. Instead, he has to cope with the emotional swings that his wife is having, and try to accommodate her needs. This is a deeply humanist film, exactly the type of movie about assault that Hollywood would never make. It allows space for every character to react and evolve in relation to the event, often unpredictably, and the script is decent and realistic with all of them, even the perpetrator. There is suspense and confrontation at the end, but nothing happens as we have been trained to expect. One note - there was a moment of sensory dissonance as we left the theater. The cast of the movie was very dignified, and the audience was maybe half Iranian, and as we left, we filed past a group of young people who were about to perform Rocky Horror live onstage, in full make-up and scandalous attire. They were about to have a lot of fun, and I would have liked to stay, but experiencing that back-to-back with this film would have been too weird even for me.	5
Beautifully crafted and amazingly acted!	4
Do not miss this on the big screen if possible. An absolute masterpiece. Suspenseful, original, compassionate, thought provoking, and entirely satisfying. One of the greatest films in years. The direction could not be more stunning and shocking. Hitchcock might even be humbled. One of my top 2 best films of the year. The acting is superb beyond words. The story is unique and mind-blowing. See for yourself. You won't be bored a moment. The sound and visual are perfect and dynamic. There is minimal music. Everything seems completely real before your eyes. You will be transported into this story for two hours, and you will marvel at the how simple actions are turned into startling moments of awe. The story will remain with you long after. The final images were glorious and powerful. Bring a few tissues.	5
h/t to Farhadi for another masterpiece that pulls at the audience's emotion without easy visuals. The Tehrani backdrop is alive and the characters are perfect.	5
Asghar Farhadi and Shahab Hosseini team up once again to present a film that translates brilliantly across all language and cultural barriers.	5
This is a great film!	5
The trailer made me run out to see it, but the movie was too long and dreary. The story was fascinating and thought-provoking, but started to drag about midway, and it became overly/needlessly complicated. Other people leaving the theatre felt the same. Just Eh. I can't recommend it.	3
Another substantial film from Ashgar Farhadi, that examples how (more than any other contemporary director) he's so effortlessly able to apply the Hitchcockian to the slice-of-life.	4
This year's best American soap-opera was made in Iran, by Asghar Farhadi, It's called The Salesman. It was nominated for an Oscar in the Best Foreign Language Film category, but in it really should be also in the Best Writing or the Best Directing category. Soap operas are the hardest genre, as there are hundreds and hundred of mutations of it, everywhere on Earth, in Brazil and Indonesia and South Africa and Germany. Especially those ones which deal with crime, punishment and guilt. Mr. Farhadi won an Oscar in 2011 with his previous brilliant, maybe more devastating but less bloody soap/court-drama, A Separation. And he was also nominated for Best Original Screenplay. He is a brilliant writer and director, one of the great Iranian masters. The acting is powerful as always, and in this film he invites Arthur Miller to help him, in the form of The Death of the Salesman, which the lead characters play in the theater in the film. I met a young student from Bard College in movie theater after the film and we agree that A.F. knows his audience well and got us guessing who is the rapist in this complex and carefully designed moralist crime story, with lots of silences and lies. I know that paradoxically soft dictatorships are inspiring for art, especially for film and theater, as the visual story-tellers should figure out a secret code, a unique language which their audience would understand, but not the censors; or at least the censors would pretend not to. This is not an openly political film, but I can see that Iran, his homeland is the perfect and fertile place for Mr. Farhadi But at the same time I'd urge American Indie producers to hire him asap to write and direct a film in the US, til he can.	4
IT'S MILLER TIME - My Review of THE SALESMAN (3 1/2 Stars)Iranian filmmakers have long disguised their political dissent by way of children's parables in order to skirt their nation's stringent censorship board. THE WHITE BALLOON and BASHU THE LITTLE STRANGER come to mind, but such is not the case with writer/director Asghar Farhadi, whose films about adults play out like silent screams in the face of the patriarchy and governmental bureaucracy. The former playwright won an Oscar for A SEPARATION and followed it up with THE PAST, starring Berenice Bejo of THE ARTIST. His latest won the Best Actor and Screenplay awards at the Cannes Film Festival and today scored a Best Foreign Language Film Oscar nod. With each successive film, Farhadi's work has felt less stage bound, more cinematic, which is ironic considering the new film uses a production of Arthur Miller's DEATH OF A SALESMAN as its backdrop. When the film opens, a married couple, Emad (Shahab Hosseini) and Rana (Taraneh Alidoosti) must evacuate their apartment as the walls crumble due to nearby construction gone awry. It's an apt analogy of the cracks soon to come in their marriage. Both have taken on the lead roles in the Miller play, with Emad doing double duty as beloved school teacher. Once safely out of the apartment, the couple move into the temporary digs of a woman who has yet to clear out one room, leaving behind personal belongings and a reputation as a prostitute. Although the prior tenant never appears in the film, her existence and perceived morality linger over everything that transpires. One evening, Rana prepares to take a shower and buzzes her intercom to presumably let her husband into the building. She leaves the front door open as she heads to the bathroom, the camera lingering on that door for too many beats for anything good to come of it. It's a masterful moment and one in which I felt Farhadi took a giant leap forward in visual, suspenseful storytelling. Rana suffers from a traumatic event, the details of which seem murky at best, and Emad makes it his cause to find the perpetrator to exact some type of revenge against him. Rana's emotional collapse and Emad's obsessions have an impact on the play, which is itself an examination of the last gasps of male power. It's here where the film's true subversiveness slyly makes itself known. Despite being the victim of a bloody assault, Rana's concerns have little weight next to Emad's quietly seething rage. While assault goes unreported in most of the world, the decision to go to the authorities have much wider ranging implications in more stringent patriarchal societies such as Iran, where the shame brought on the families can outweigh the needs of the victims. Farhadi excels in these moments where glances replace reams of dialogue to convey the couples' stifled feelings. He's helped immeasurably by two actors at the top of their games. Hosseini justifiably received recognition for perfectly capturing the unraveling of a seemingly gentle man, but it's Alidoosti who astonishes as a woman dying inside not so much from what happened in that bathroom but for being shut out of her own life by the person who loves her the most. The way she looks at her husband throughout the story feels like a one woman March On Tehran. With her gloriously open expressiveness, she slowly but surely exerts her power as best she can. She has a similar gift to that of Amy Adams, the ability to be on the verge of tears while exuding commanding strength. Rather than tend to his wife's needs, Emad plays amateur detective to track down the assailant. The last third of the film, while still well within the realm of neorealism, carries elements of Hitchcockian suspense such as the way Emad chases after a suspect, or in the quietly shocking way the "bad guy" gets revealed. From there, we're left with the unbearable tension of a revenge fantasy come to awkward, real life. We feel the messiness of it in the way health issues play into the proceedings, in the way a distraught wife painfully navigates a set of stairs, or in the raw brutality of a slap across a face. While growing as a visual storyteller, Farhadi gets a little tripped up with his depiction of the play within the movie. Maybe he resisted the thudding obviousness of using excerpts from the play that has a direct correlation to the main story, but as it stands, the connections seem oblique at best. I'd suggest brushing up on your SALESMAN knowledge before seeing this film. It may provide more resonance. Farhadi, perhaps in his attempts to get his films made, seems to play both sides by clearly giving voice to women, who get blamed for being temptresses for men, and to men who seemingly have no choice but to exert their power. The inciting incident in this film affects everyone and everything around them, and yet the person it affects the most matters the least. The fact that this got past the censors and has become the highest grossing film in Iran tells me even they recognize a problem that can no longer be ignored. Oh, who am I kidding? Things may never change. It's possible for men to stay in power and allow for dissenting voices, right? It still happens here too. Farhadi, with his prior films, knew how to engage his audience. With THE SALESMAN, as imperfect as it is and perhaps a tad too dry at times, he has discovered how to haunt us.	3
Its not like" the seperation" but still impressive	5
Lástima el papel de la coprotagonista Alidoosti, arruina gran parte de la película. Como la mayoría de cine de Medio Oriente esto es lento y aburrido, nada de humor, nada de acción y la tensión es muy débil. La historia es muy buena pero aun falta mucha producción.	3
Para mim, o pior filme do Farhadi, até agora. A pretensa questão ética é ridícula e o fim ainda traz um dramalhão que não se espera de um diretor como ele. Saí no meio da sessão para tomar um café, voltei e ainda achei longo demais.	1
The Salesman [Farhadi, 2016] Farhadi always has his way of shaking your soul, giving his audience a silent yet thrilling ride. 10/10	5
Bolstered by Shahab Hosseini's empathetic performance and Asghar Farhadi's smart screenplay, The Salesman is a rewarding tale about everyday people seeking vengeance.	5
Features some of Farhadi`s masterful actor directing and dramatic moments of intimacy, but the film becomes manipulative and plain generic in its final act.	3
Une vision sur le pardon, la famille, et le sens de l'honneur au sein de la société iranienne. Un film instructif, envoûtant et authentique	5
If you liked the A Separation, you are going to love this one.	5
Très déçu par ce Farhadi et très surpris aussi. On ne peut pas lui reprocher une mauvaise réalisation ou direction d'acteurs, mais cela manque de matières, de précisions aussi, on ne vois pas où le réalisateur veut nous emmener et d'ailleurs je n'ai pas compris les tenants et aboutissants de son film. C'est bien maigre et bien classique comme histoire. Dommage.	2
Tense psychological thriller from the director of "A Separation." Winner of Best Actor and Screenplay at Cannes.	4
Relative to Farhadi's other films, a straightforward story of a couple facing a rape-like incident. Amazing acting and as usual, moving screenplay serving to the storytelling.	5
The movie doesn't acquire as much depth as it should've or wanted too. It's puzzling trying to figure out what the point of the film is. After the film its hard to decide if it's likeable. If you feel that way then it likely wasn't that great.	3
The salesman (Asghar Fahadi)(2016)By Hossein AghaeeGradually(highly recommended to read these two plays before watching this movie 1.Cow by Gholam Hossein Saedi and 2.Death of a Salesman by Arthur Miller)The salesman is really breathtaking and it has all the familiar factor of farhadi's movies with a big difference that there is not any sign of those open ends anymore and you associate with the main character of movie more than any time.The story is about a young couple (Emad and Rana) who are performing at Arthur Miller's play Death of a salesman. They have to move to another apartment because their apartment is going to collapse. This moving cause a serious issue in their life because of the old tenant.In the beginning of the film when Emad_ with brilliant performance by Shahab Hosseini_ and his students was reading saedi's play Cow, one of his student asked him "Sir,How does a man become cow?" Emad answered: "gradually". This question and Emad's answer are the main theme of this movie.Farhadi has used some part of the play Death of a Salesman in his movie masterfully and he has chosen Emad for the Willy's role in order to show and emphasize how Emad gradually got far away from his family or even his wife just like willy.The last twenty minutes of film are really breathtaking and the spectators associate with Emad more than anytime and I think they regularly ask themselves "if I were him, what would I do?"The salesman is a story about revenge or with accurate express is a story about the motivation of revenge.This story like another fahadi's movies occurs in a family and effects family members.After A separation and now with the salesman Farhadi can be considered as a great master in directing suspenseful family drama like Hitchcock.	5
Shallow for Farhadi.	3
Lego Batman flashes about Gotham City with unthrottled pacing and spitfiring punchlines. With such dense and rather brilliant laughs, this cheeky film deserves a second viewing. Remember, there are no seatbelts on the Batmobile.	4
Great for kids and adults too. Loved it!	4
Will never be better than its predecessor but you won't ever forget this movie.	4
An alright ride for both adults and kids	4
My Daughter enjoyed it. It also had some adult humour buried in so that helped.	3
An excellent movie! Characters are very well represented and funny, the story is adequate to the real Batman series.	5
This may just be the best Batman movie we ever had, ever if its a lego parody. Falls a little flat in the second part.	3
The best Batman movie since The Dark Knight!4.5/5 stars	4
Although not as fresh and funny as the first, The Lego Batman Movie is a very competent family driven movie.. Very beautiful animated, fast paced... and the voices are very funny. The story is great to with a powerful moral on it. Recommended.	3
A nice family-friendly movie with many an easter egg for the wandering eye, beautiful with a great story.	4
Just As Brilliant As The LEGO Movie	5
Sinceramente, a dir poco geniale.Ottimo il ritmo della narrazione. Le battute anche se a volte passano un po' inosservate sono talmente tante che è sorprendente come molte non cadano nella banalità.Sin dai titoli di apertura si percepisce che non siamo di fronte ad una banalità e ciò trova la sua conferma lungo tutto il film, sino ai titoli di coda.Dissacrante e piacevolmente politicamente scorretto.Un film da oscar.	4
Ima play Nightwing soon!	5
Although there were cool in-jokes; as a lifelong Batfan I just couldn't get into a film that ridiculed everything I hold dear.	2
Yet another timeless masterpiece that PIECED together everything that made the first, and original, Lego AWESOME to begin with!	5
The perfect Batman movie	5
So cool yo see Joker and Voldemort working together.	5
Epic!!!!! Best Batman movie I have seen to date!!! Totally recommend The LEGO Batman Movie! It was even better than The LEGO Movie, and if you liked that, you will love Batman!	5
Hilariously self aware	4
I grown out of lego years ago but this movie is actually really good	5
Everything is Batman and everything is awesome!  As a big fan of Batman and The Lego Movie, I have been super excited for this film since it was announced. But as ever with something like this, I have been worried that it might not live up to my expectations. Fortunately, about five seconds in, all of my fears were laid to rest. Director Chris McKay brilliantly explores the endless possibilities of Lego. It is a beautiful roast but also love letter and tribute to the character and films of Batman. The level of detail and attention paid to the characters and also the Lego world is second to none and there are some great callbacks to The Lego Movie. There is naturally a lot of fan service and the film is jam packed with references and jokes about the previous Batman movies but there is enough humour, action and cameos from other franchises and Lego properties to keep younger children and non-Batman-fans entertained. The animation in The Lego Movie was brilliant and it has been improved upon here, the cinematography is gorgeous and the soundtrack is superb, taking motifs from classic Batman movies but I also felt a hint of Mad Max Fury Road in there! And that opening number was insane!! Will Arnett was one of the best things about The Lego Movie and he transitions effortlessly to his own feature. Michael Cera is wonderful as Robin and injects even more humour into the film with his innocent mind. Ralph Fiennes wonderfully channels his Monsieur Gustav from The Grand Budapest Hotel as Alfred Pennyworth and Rosario Dawson is a good Batgirl. Zack Galifianakis is a brilliant Joker and is clearly - much like the rest of the cast - having an absolute blast playing these wonderful characters. Also, Lego Joker > Jared Leto Joker. If I have any criticisms it's that the beginning of the third act does take a change of pace which feels somewhat out of place with the rest of the film but it does soon pick up. Also, there is so much going on I feel like I'm missing lots, but if that means I can watch this again and again and still take new things from it then that is fine by me!I sat through this film with a smile on my face from its fourth-wall-breaking-beginning to its fourth-wall-breaking-end. The Lego Movie was great but The Lego Batman Movie is absolutely fantastic. They both however take places among my favourite animated movies. I can't wait to see The Lego Ninjago Movie but let's get a sequel to this very soon, yes?4.5/5	3
After his appearance in The LEGO Movie, Batman now gets his own movie. We see his background, his alter-ego as Bruce Wayne and his lair. We learn how Robin got to be his sidekick. Most importantly we see his seemingly-interminable struggles with his arch-nemesis, The Joker. I enjoyed the original LEGO Movie: very funny, with snappy dialogue and very original graphics. The best thing about that movie was Batman: dark, intense and very funny and very well played by Will Arnett, who was perfect for the part.The LEGO Batman movie aims to capitalise on the success of that character. Will Arnett is back, and doesn't really put a foot wrong.However, the result is not quite up to what I was expecting. The humour of Batman from the original movie seems difficult to expand into a complete movie. In the original movie, Batman was a secondary character and his darkness and intensity was a great contrast to the general cheerfulness and non-seriousness of the other characters. Here he is required to carry the movie and set the tone, and there is no ability to play him off against a more jocular tone.This said, there are some very funny moments in the movie and the overall result is hardly bad. It just isn't as good as the original LEGO movie, especially tonally, and suffers as a result.	3
Funny and lots of refrences	5
Amazing sequel to the LEGO movie, loved every minute of Batman's devilish nature.	4
In an ultra-surprising move, The Lego Batman Movie keeps on its dazzlingly rendered, frequently funny, and occasionally sobering, romp through the LEGO universe in what may be the best Batman movie ever - one that's self-aware of how the whole dang thing is more stupid than anything.	4
Fun. A lot of things going on. Good watch for batman fan and animation. Recommended for a lazy afternoon	3
Rating: 89%Hilariously self-aware and surprisingly touching, The LEGO Batman Movie builds upon the first film's success to bring together a well-cast and very entertaining spin-off.	4
Very relaxing. Love it ;D	4
The Lego Batman Movie won't put the serious PG-13 to R rated Batman back on track given how his recent Dawn of Justice and direct-to-video Killing Joke couldn't match Nolan's Dark Knight, but it's still an enjoyable movie. 90% seems like a very generous score.By the way, IRON MAN SUCKS	4
Chris McKay ha demostrado ser un gran director para una película de humor absurdo, que no se toma enserio a sí misma, llena de chistes y burlas de sus mismos protagonistas pero a la vez muestran un lado de Batman que pocos conocen, en conclusión gran película tanto para chicos como para grandes.	5
Another great entry in the Lego universe with great humor new and old characters amazing visuals' and a creative and heartwarming story.	5
Despite being silly most of the time, there were some really inspirational messages in there. It was really well made and very well directed!	3
This film is very awesome	5
A very good Batman movie :p	4
That movie really bring back some memories of batman and it is awesome! I really love this movie. The plot are really good, the characters are really memorable and likely, the voice acting are really good especially Alfed which he did really good job on that. The animation are amazing which is same level as the lego movie. The jokes and humor are very funny. Those of you who are fan of lego, batman, and/or both, you will love this movie and this movie for you. Reason why I watch this movie because I want to see if this movie deserve to be on the nomination for the Oscar award. The question is will lego batman movie make it on this list? Yes, they will be on the list for the Oscar award. However, I don't want to jump to conclusion just yet. we will have to see what the upcoming animated movies of 2017. some of them could be better than lego batman movie while the other will not.	5
The joy of The LEGO Movie was the incorporation of the characters to service how imaginative using LEGO blocks could be. It spoke to what drives imagination and ingenuity. In this spinoff, LEGO actually takes a backseat to the deconstruction of Batman and his darkness. Unfortunately, the movie offers little that Batman fans have not seen before. (***)EDITI don't know why I was in such a critical mood for this movie. Maybe because seeing it on the big screen was a little bit too much for my senses, or maybe because I got up on the wrong side of the bed that day. Whatever the case may be, seeing it again on the small screen heightened my appreciation for this movie. The in-jokes, the rapid-fire pacing, and the silly nostalgia all worked. I still think the movie is still too frantic, as one of the highlights of The LEGO Movie was seeing with quite a bit of clarity how the master builders were able to build their creations. Here, the genius of LEGO takes a backseat to the parody of the Batman mythos, and I think it lessens the impact of the fact that this is, indeed a LEGO movie.	4
Brilliantly told story, amazing animation, well crafted characters, full of heart, and Hilarious from start to finish. The Lego Batman movie succeeds in being a Batman movie and a Lego movie..	4
A great film about the bond of a family and a fresh new take and perspective on Batman. The animation and story of the film were amazing.	2
Honestly don't understand why this was so popular...it was a giant mishmash of everything that included godzilla, sauron, and daleks. Ending was predictably random	1
"The Lego Batman Movie" is a hilarious and energetic satire of the iconic superhero, and may be the best film to feature the Dark Knight in a starring role in recent years.	3
This was amazing!!!!!ð???ð???ð???	5
The Lego Batman Movie is a movie that most of the kids will like but for me it was more like a parody.	4
I thought this movie was going to be dumb, unlike the first Lego movie. I was wrong when I feasted my eyes on an incredible and colorful adventure like no other. Hold on to you bricks...	5
Day-glo bright, to the point of being painful, silly and laugh out loud funny at times. Will Arnett and Zack Galifanakis are outstanding as Batman and the Joker	4
it's worth the Google.....	5
A fun Movie with a lot of references to Pop Culture, for me... the Oscar 2018 Winner.	4
Lego movies know how to do child appropriate but still not stupid comedy.	4
The Lego Batman movie is just as dazzling, fun. and heartfelt as The Lego Movie, but with more edgy-charm and references to keep any batman or lego fan happy.	5
The humor is like a dozen eggs being thrown at the wall every minute. Some of it sticks pretty well.	3
Hey, that's pretty good.	4
Not as good as "The Lego Movie" but it's fun and enjoyable	3
Adorable, my family loved it.	3
Entertaining and some good humor. A bit too fast paced.	3
I'm not a fan of this movie	1
To be honest, I didn't really enjoy this movie. I mean I do give credit to the creativty and plot of the movie and Alfred, Batgirl and Robin were kind of good characters. Batman on the other hand, not so much. In fact, he's one of the reasons I didn't really like it. Batman felt like like a over the top nuisance for me. The Joker was honestly not that great in the movie in my opinion. I mean his plan to show Batman who is really his greatest enemy was OK, but my God what have done to his voice? I would have been fine with Jack Nicholson done his again...and let's just say Mark Hamill really deserved this role. Sorry Will Arnett and Zach Galifianakias, but YOU GUYS CAN'T SAVE THIS ONE!!! And I should say that the jokes started off good but then went downhill and became really lame. But one thing I didn't like at all is how they treated the other villains. I mean we saw them get beat up by Batman and even team up with Batman to defeat the Joker which was a pretty awesome idea...............THAT IS ALL!!! I just really hated the idea of villains like Bane, Mr. Freeze, The Penguin having SO MUCH TO NO LITTLE SCREENTIME!!! And to finish off, this movie has probably in my opinion, the most mean spirited joke I have seen in my entire life. We never saw Batman actually being sad about the deaths of his parents, and instead use the "I'm afraid of snake-clowns" joke...THAT'S ALL. >:(	1
Good for kids, and parents who want entertainment from a kids film (a rarity i know) Would of given it 4 stars if it kept the theme of the begining through the entirety of the movie. Beggining part is hilarious and unique but quickly dips into being an above average kids film. Dont get me wrong keeps its entertainment value at certain points but the writing falls victim to being repetative as far as story dynamics go. Hey, but what do you expect from a movie about friggen legos advertised to kids?	3
the Lego batman movie... WOW! really impressed with this one. I enjoyed its predecessor 'the Lego movie' but this is 10 times better. will Arnet kills it as batman/Bruce Wayne's voice.very funny and touching scenes. great supporting cast. executed the relationship and integration of robin and batgirl... better than Joel Schumacher's batman and robin/ the death of the franchise! great animation! fun all round and a great family film.the joker in this movie is better than Jared leto's joker. but we haven't seen much of leto so we will have to wait and see.overall this movie is worth buying on bluray.	4
The Lego Batman Movie is almost too smart for its own good. There is so much to absorb and the movie deserves multiple viewings to uncover all of the gems. I thoroughly enjoyed this eye candy romp that so candidly turns Nolan's Dark Knight into an unknowingly lonely heart.	4
Una muy buena película me reí mucho superó mis espectativas	4
4 out of 5 stars! This was a very fun and cool film! I loved seeing all of the various villains from other franchises mixed in. These Lego movies are pretty well done and funny! I look forward to the next film, the Ninjago film! :)	4
Lego Batman is enjoyable for Batfanboys, who will laugh at the in-jokes that almost come too fast to process. The uninitiated will also find things to enjoy and latch onto. Lego Batman doesn't quite have the emotional payoff of the Lego Movie, and like all superhero movies of the past decade or so it ends in an overlong, muddled action sequence. This movie would probably appeal more to fanboys than to the children it appears to be pandering to at first glance.	3
Loaded with broh satire, Lego Batman has fun for the whole family.	4
One of the best animated kids films I've seen in a while and also one of the funniest takes on Batman, period!	4
The first 10 minutes were good, then it all went downhill, with the inconsistency with the comics, and the completely unrelated "villains". Seriously? Stinky Voldemort. Batman deserves better. Billy Dee Williams, and Ralph Fiennes were good as expected	3
Arguably the best take on Batman I've ever seen. We all knew it was coming after Will Arnets role in The Lego Movie and it lived up to the expectations. Hell Will can commentate a toaster and make it endlessly entertaining.	4
a cute, amusing and funny movie that also does not stem too far from the dark themes that we batman fans know the comic to be. i even might go as far as to say that zach galifianakis can rival mark hamills joker	5
Must see. So good. Would watch again.	5
Why can't all batman movies be this good..	5
Meh. Entertaining...	3
All important movies start with a black screen...As the new millennium began, alongside the LEGO films born, but it all started with the song, the breakthrough song 'Everything is Awesome' a couple of years ago. Since then, we all thought LEGO was a new format in 3D animation like Anime in 2D Animation. So I was expecting very eagerly what could be the second LEGO film. When they had announced it was going to be 'Batman', many 'Batman' fans were elated. So here we are.It took a longer time than expected to hit the screen. I'd lost hope in this, because all the sweet memories of the firs LEGO film were fading away from me. So I could not say or think anything about it. That's all changed once I watched it. While watching it, everything was restored like waking up after I was knocked down with a big blow to the head. That reminded how badly I missed it. One of the best animations. It can't be compared to the normal animation. It is more like a jerky type, similar to stop-motion, but done in softwares.Anyway, it was not about the animation. It was the story and dialogues. The best Batman film was a very serious film, but this one was so fun. For all ages, a non stop entertainment guaranteed. The surprise was all the villains coming together in one place. When the Batman ignores his arch-rival, the Joker, he is set to redefine his position to fight the Batman. His comeback endangers the whole Gotham city. Then the black clad, the Batman, with the support of his sidekicks, fights to save the city from devastating. The remaining is how it all ends.The voice-over artists were awesome, but first, my praise goes to the screen and dialogue writers. As I said, nothing was great in animation, especially if you had seen the previous LEGO film. All one can see is LEGOS everywhere, the world, the city, the characters made of LEGOS and then even the explosives and other special effects are kind of LEGO brick style visual. But top to bottom a very enjoyable film. An animation that should not be missed. Probably it could contest in the upcoming Oscars. Now all my eyes are towards 'Ninjago'. Bring it on.8/10	4
Although it's no match for 2014's groundbreaking The Lego Movie, this charming spinoff is a fine addition to the universe. Starring Batman in an all too familiar setting, The Lego Batman Movie reiterates the legendary vigilante's story in a fantastic, fresh, and fun animated creation after the world started getting somewhat bored with him. Batman is portrayed in a hilariously comic way which makes it impossible not laugh out loud at most of his interactions with literally everything and seeing how much everybody enjoyed it, it's clearly a blast for all ages.	3
So many familiar voices. I realized these movies remind me of Robot Chicken. confirmed one of the shows creators helps produce the Lego moviesð???	4
Its not as good as the LEGO Movie, straight up. However it is still an extremely fantastic movie. Its very funny and not just for kids but jokes for the adults too. Its not as adult friendly as LEGO Movie in my opinion. It does get a bit repetitive towards the end but it has its morals and is highly recommended watch, still feels fresh. Just hope we dont get an influx of these movies.	3
Hilarious, even from the very beginning, where batman comments to all the entertainment logos that make an appearance.. You will never got bored watching this movie.. (:	4
Lego Batman films are my current favorite variety of Batman stories. The dialogue is hilarious and watching the Lego versions of familiar characters running amok is great fun.	4
Wow, talk about a fun ride from start to finish. The LEGO Batman Movie managed to make one of the most interesting and refreshing incarnations of the Batman character to date. If you're a hardcore fan of the character, a number of easter eggs and satirical humor revolving around the history of Batman will have you laughing out loud constantly. I found myself laughing minutes into the next scene after a number of gut busting one liner that never seemed to end. While the pacing did drag in the toward the end of the second act, I had a smile on my face throughout making this one of my favorites of the year so far.	4
Shedding Some Light On How This Dark Knight Was A FlopYou've loved him for almost 80 years now, and have especially took to one of his more recent adaptations in "The Lego Movie". So of course you would love Batman in his own standalone sequel right??? Wrong! Not only is this just another way Lego and Warner Brothers have their sights on your wallets through ticket profits, and what seems to be another endless line of movie related toy products headed our way. But The Lego Batman Movie is a perfect example of being promised a steak dinner only later to be served some Kid Cuisine.Prepare yourself for the best crime fighting, action packed thriller this year has yet seen, as Batman (Will Arnett) takes on his biggest foe yet. His feelings! Watch him as he laughs at evil but flinches and quivers at the the thought of starting a family. Or as he races against the clock to defuse bombs, when really time is fleeting on his chance to finally have some solid relationships. Now don't get me wrong this movie does have its shining moments. Like when Batman (Will Arnett) during the opening credits started to take shots at certain cliques or when he starts to sing along to his "LET'S GET NUTZ Mix". Which is conveyed as the reason, besides just being Batman, why he was able to defeat his entire rogue gallery of villains. However when you throw all these highlights into the first 30 min. of the movie. Just like Batman in this film, who threw all his villains into jail at the beginning, you'll be left bored not knowing what to do with your time and life as you sit in the dark. Even though some could argue that director Chris McKay's approach to the style of relationships that Batman has with iconic characters in this Batman movie, unlike those preceding it, was a bold and refreshing move. I would say that it detracted from who he actually is as a character. Yes I know it's a family movie and it's supposed to be comedic, but portraying the Justice League as hating him, having a one sided bromance that a insecure easily heartbroken Joker (Zach Galifianakis) has for him. Let alone him not even noticing his adoption of Dick a.k.a. Robin (Michael Cera) and then wanting to get rid of him. That's not Batman at all. Plus what ever happened to the whole Batman truly wants friends thing they were building upon earlier? I also feel that where this movie did excel in incorporating jokes from current and past events of everything Batman. That it failed in the balance of how these characters overall were portrayed across the screen. It felt like I was watching Christopher Nolan's outlook on Batman man fighting Tim Burton and Joel Schumaker's interpretation of villains. And although I can look past the resentful after taste of Barbara's a.k.a. Batgirl's (Rosario Dawson) 60's purple suit. Or the fact that Dick as Robin looks more like when Carrie Kelley threw on the tights and cape. Something that should have never happened, happened and it just might be the one sin in this movie that's unforgivable. What is this sin? You may ask, well it's when McKay and his writers decided to turn this somewhat okay plot of Batman admitting his fear of having feelings towards others. Into a major blockbuster crossover event. Wait what? Aren't crossovers what we hope and pray for? I mean especially when it comes to a superhero movie right?Normally the answer would be yes. On the other hand enter a handful of not even seemingly relatable villains such as Sauron,Voldemort, King Kong, and we assume Godzilla, and you're left with the same outcome as if you were to mix all the drinks from the soda fountain. However I guess this just adds to the lore that anyone who dawns the name of Batman can do anything, and get away with it.In the end though unlike Joker and Batman who were able to put their differences aside to save a falling apart Gotham, McKay and the Warner Brothers studio just couldn't save this movie from shattering into pieces.	2
It was funny. But Dick Grayson doesn't have glasses!!!	4
It's like 7 year olds wrote the reviews for this movie because this movie was absolutely terrible for anyone above the age of 12	1
Starts out funny and stays funny throughout the movie. I didn't like the third act that much, it felt repetitive from the previous Lego Movie. Other than the weak third act the rest of the film was great.	4
Besides some good vocal work, satire overload.	3
Very entertaining movie. Well-done.Rating: 7.5/10.	3
Is not as great or enjoyable as it's predecessor but it's a fun ride nonetheless. Not to mention, it's very funny. (4/5)	4
The 1st one "Lego Movie" was better than this one. I was really sleepy when I watched it, so that could have affected my view.	3
A delightfully fun movie in the age of dark and depressing DC movies.	4
A pretty funny and entertaining flick, this proves that the Lego Movie wasn't a one hit wonder.	3
The funniest film I've seen in a long time. This film is not as good as The Lego Movie but still hilarious with an amazing plot, great characters and the best film of the year so far.	4
The Lego Batman Movie is one of the funniest animated movies I've seen and I cannot wait for more Lego animated films.	4
A funny unforgettable Batman movie that we never knew we needed filled with with hilarious comic book references that are guaranteed to make both parents and kids laugh.	4
Defiantly a movie checking out, if only for seeing the spoof-like references and such. Not the most clever idea having old classic villains appear but I was surprised at that actually happened. Go check it out if you can.	4
Very funny. On par with the first LEGO movie.	4
The most awesomest bestest Batman movie since Nolan's The Dark Knight. It gets everything right about the essence of the character(s) while hiding under the cover of a silly animated comedy for children.	5
"The Lego Batman Movie" is just as good, if not better, than the original "Lego Movie". The film has a great story, interesting characters, lots of witty humour and plenty of pop-culture references! Its honestly one of the most fun films to watch for anyone who loves pop-culture. Yet what makes this movie stand out more than the Lego Movie aside from the story being a spin-off of the Batman universe is the film's overall theme; that change is necessary at times.This is the complete opposite message that the Lego Movie teaches; that you don't need others to tell you how to be and you should just be yourself. Because of this, however, I like the Lego Batman movie more because it offers a more true lesson. Bruce Wayne might be Gotham's greatest hero, yet aside from that he's on a metaphorical (and literal) island where he isolates himself from everyone. While he definitely looks and acts tough, he craves relationships (yet fears them more than anything) because of the trauma he suffered as a child from losing his parents. Throughout the film, however, Batman learns to overcome his greatest fear and change his character for the better as he learns that relationships are necessary; even if they don't last forever.This is honestly a lesson everyone needs to learn. While it is good to be yourself and not be easily influenced by everything around you, its even more important to look at yourself and realise what needs to change about you. And change does not come easy, yet in the end it is so worth it. It is because of this lesson, as well as the super-fun story this movie has to offer, that I not only love "The Lego Batman Movie" but also recommend it over the original Lego Movie.	4
Entertaining at first, but over times the jokes become repetitive and the movie loses its charm.	2
Not your typical batman ??	3
This movie is another great movie achievement for 2017 along with Wonder Woman,and Captain Underpants this movie is a great film and should be placed as one of my favorite animated movies of all time.	5
Any movie where I can laugh out loud is a 100% rating for me. I would encourage everyone to use the closed captioning. There are so many asides and comments said quietly that I missed without captioning. I loved every bit! Watched it twice...wish it could be a weekly TV series! The Legos are PERFECT!	5
A cute, heartwarming movie. Funny with a great message, that no one (not even Batman) can go it alone! Robin and the Joker were especially great. And loved how the movie gave a nod to the original Lego Movie, that it could be part of the same Lego universe ð~ Maybe not quite as good as the original, but awfully close!	4
Insanely Entertaining and one of the best Batman movies Ever made ??	5
Best Movie Of All Time	5
I absolutely loved Lego Batman. It was the cutest, most adorable thing ever. Nostalgia galore, both within the Batman evolutionary world (my favorite was a few cameos by Egghead, haha, the eggs on the bat signal, the best), as well as other films we grew up with (Gremlins, King Kong, etc.). Incorporating them all was fantastic. The story is wonderful, and the humor superb. Just about perfect. Can't wait to see it again.	4
I seriously didn't want to see that movie. My teen daughter dragged me there for a daughter-mom day & I was really pleasantly surprised! Loved the comic, drama & action aspects of this movie. This is for all boys & girls (yep my teen loved it too!)	4
This 3D computer-animated superhero comedy film certainly has amazing graphics, animation, and colour. The plot had a few twsts and humorous moments, but overall I found it a little average and flat at times. The Joker was just a little too annoying.	2
This movie was pretty funny to start things off and then as it went on it gradually mellowed out. Still maintained funny parts throughout but generally was just a well told story.	4
With many posts, I think this movie will be better than the emoji movie and it would be perfect based on the Lego movie. I wish I can see this movie too.	4
a great reminder that there is always at least some sense of child like wonder in all of us, even the most senile of people. this movie is the perfect movie for all ages a movie you can take the kids to and still find ample enjoyment in it yourself. this movie is filled to the brim with jokes, both for kids and adults. References to other great movies and jabs at some lesser movies, overall this is exactly what I wanted and more. Better than the Lego Movie- yes a great movie for the family-yes a great movie for when your all alone-yes! there are so many jokes in the Lego Batman Movie that I'll gladly be seeing it again!	4
When the first Lego movie came out a few years ago, I thought it was a revelation in the animation industry. Both the movies and the video games are expertly executed with Lego pieces flying everywhere! It was only right that Lego continued the trend by adding a cannonized Lego Batman movie to the historic ranks of the fearsome crime fighter. It was thoroughly enjoying to see the flawless animations and voice acting back in Lego form, however, I wasn't quite as enamored with this installment as I was the first.Will Arnett has become a mainstay in the voice-acting community for his unique deep bass, so it only made perfect sense to have him as Bruce Wayne/Batman. Michael Cera and his boyish high pitch were great for Robin and Zack Galifianakis's zany yet distinct voice was a solid casting for the Joker. Those three stand out as our primary characters as their relationships weave in and out of one another. To hilarious affect, the movie is mostly centered around The Joker and Batman's relationship, but it's played to resemble more of an actual love relationship than a heated one. The other centralized theme running in this movie is Batman/Bruce Wayne's ability to have friends and/or family in his life. There are certainly childish messages underlying throughout the film, but seeing it all play out in Lego form is what makes it more endearing or charming than anything else for someone over the age of 10.My only gripe was the pace of which the film moved. The first Lego movie had a centralized plot surrounding its main character that introduced side Lego characters you could grow accustomed to. In Batman, we have so many characters on screen with so much happening so fast, it felt a little rushed in just over 90 minutes.These Lego movies opened up a new window for Hollywood's artistic and animated talent to express themselves. Whether it's by stop-motion or pure CGI, there are so many avenues Hollywood can take in Lego form, you feel like every one of them could be a winner.	3
It might not be as funny or entertaining as its predecessor, but "The Lego Batman Movie" provides just enough heart and wit to put a smile on the faces of the audiences. A winner for both parents and their kids. Jokes about Batman's lifestyle are always good for a few laughs. Too bad there's too much of it since it can get boring really fast.	4
it was pretty funny but made Batman look like an idiot.	2
Loved that film. Funny - storyline is unusual too	4
Great fun for the entire family. Great sequel to the Lego movie. Script could have been bettter, but given what else is out. This is a a win.	5
A self-aware Batman movie that has the right balance of taking itself seriously and being utterly silly.	4
This movie is a hilarious, kid friendly, self parodying movie. It makes fun of common themes while doing them to show how stupid they really are. It's at least as good as The Lego Movie. The Lego Batman Movie is truly a movie that will make you smile.	4
it was great for kids but not so good for pre-teen or higher	4
Not bad but not as good as the reviews suggest. A second look.	3
Lego Batman Movie is hilarious and fun to watch. The movie brings the emotional side out of the cape crusader. The movie was full of villains from the Batman series and most the Warner Bros most popular villains from King Kong to Lord Valdamort . My son has watched it over and over again, definitely worth watching.	3
Good movie. Great animation, neat and funny story. Loved seeing all the superheroes and villains!!!	4
Punchy, fast-talking, and with as much heart as The Lego Movie, Lego Batman proves it can deliver multi-age entertainment, with a heavy sprinkling of IPs.With a few throwaway line exceptions, this story could have happened in a live-action or traditional animation film. The tone, however, is perfectly suited to the medium; it is much too upbeat and cheerful for a 'regular' Batman movie. Throughout the whole film, we see a lot of the familiar Gotham characters, but there are five we focus on for the main plot.Batman (with stellar voice acting by Will Arnett) literally leads the charge here, bowling over everything in his path. He is assisted by Alfred (voiced incredibly Britishly by Ralph Fiennes), Dick Grayson (played with just the right amount of needling by Michael Cera), and Barbara Gordon (Rosario Dawson). Chief among the rogue's gallery of villains (by his own admission) is the Joker (Zach Galifanakis), who sets out to unleash as many villains on Gotham as he can.As with The Lego Movie, there are many, many characters from other franchises in here. It's bothering me less here, but I am likely acclimated to it by this point. None of these side characters have any major role, there are really only five characters in the film who get an arc.As with many of these movies, there are lots of quick jokes that kids will miss to keep older folks entertained. If you enjoyed The Lego Movie, you will almost certainly enjoy Lego Batman.	4
A spin-off to 2014's LEGO toy inspired film, "The LEGO Batman Movie" doesn't feel as fresh as the original, but it has just as much of its unique animation style and rapid-fire humor.	4
Very funny, exciting quasi-animated movie. It was worth shelling out the few extra bucks on 3D at the theater. The pacing was great and the story flowed nicely. Easily enjoyed by any-aged audience.	4
it was a really great movie it was super funny and perfect lego animations you can tell no was slacking when it came to make that movie	5
Insane!!!!! People have been telling me the jokes are super fast paced and whatnot, but I'd say this movie beats everything I've watched so far this year! Jokes are hilariously original, something I'd honestly laugh my heart out at. What a winner. Definitely going into my casual family-comedy movietime list. The moral values in it is SO good too. Loving how they show viewers 'a bad guy doesn't always mean you have to do law-breaking stuff. You can be bad by being a bad person inside'. Amazing stuff. Would recommend!	5
Not as good as the LEGO movie but still solid!	5
Hilarious and often times touching, this batman parody is beautifully animated, brilliantly casted, and gutbusting animation, even if it doesn't retain the same originality or freshness of the first LEGO movie	4
This is a great movie	4
A very lackluster movie with recycled jokes and rapid colors that give you a headache. Will Arnett is very funny and the effects of the legos are very fun to watch and kids will enjoy this film, but does not attract the intellectual adult humor and charm of any Disney/Pixar or Laika movies. 6/10	3
a pretty cool movie for the kids	4
comedy is perfectly timed and made me laugh through out the entire film	5
meh why CANT I WACH IT ON THIS APP	5
The most realistic batman movie Jam Packed With Jokes With An Amazing cast i actually must say its my n.1 Fav Movie	5
Got It For Nephew And Never In Million Years Would I Have Guessed That I'd Actually Laugh Alot At It And Enjoy It !	4
was ok.. no where as good as lego movie	3
After the success and relative likeability of The Lego Movie it was all but inevitable we would get a spin off of sorts and The Lego Batman Movie is that spin off, the first of many I am sure. Unfortunately in terms of the box office this didn't do nearly as well as The Lego Movie but in terms of quality I think it is slightly better than that film. The voice cast are great, the animation looks gorgeous and is wonderfully detailed, the score/soundtrack is solid, it is hilarious from beginning to end and yes it is predictable narratively and not all that deep though while it was on screen I just didn't care.	4
I saw this movie with 2 of my best friends and it is a great movie! It is filled with REALLY funny scenes from the intro of the movie to the end and it also has cool Action scenes! This movie is good for people of all ages, and I really recommend it!	4
The Lego Batman deconstructs some of the best fictional characters in cinematic history and turns them into lego pieces fitting an over packed yet entertaining comedy that does not come in the right time	2
Really fun movie! And full of in-jokes and references for nerds and batfans everywhere.	4
Entertaining for kids.	3
Really funny and creative humor. It's a great family movie since kids will enjoy it but parents won't be bored either. A lot of topical and witty jokes make this movie pretty great.	4
Not actually that bad!	4
7/5/2017: A pretty decent movie. Not quite as good as the first Lego movie, but still funny and enjoyable.	3
Hilarious...kids will love it.	3
Funny and entertaining. The kid loved it.	3
Everything was awesome!! Lalalala... I loved this movie. If you are a Batman fan, this is the movie to watch. It's filled with easter-eggs and references and callbacks... it was just so fun to watch. Great story about family and it was just hilarious. Great follow up to the Lego Movie.	4
The Lego Batman Movie is another fun installment in the series of movies based on a toy brand. It has more gut-busting humor, more fast and fun story, and a surprising amount of heart.  At the center it's essentially a spoof movie disguised in toy bricks so they could get away with it. And this is a very welcome spoof movie. It's not afraid to make fun of past mistakes of the series. This is some of the things I love about the Deadpool movie, and they do it really well. There's quotes like "Gathering a bunch of criminals to fight the criminals? That's a stupid idea" (Suicide Squad) or the scenes where Alfred lists previous movies and says "The weird one in 1966" This was one of my favorite parts about the movie. I watched a lot of the batman movies before seeing this one the second time, and I can see where a lot of the jokes come from. It was a really welcome proof movie that wasn't afraid to spoof itself.  The characters are also very heartfelt in the movie. Batman, played by Will Arnett, is really funny, and Arnett's voice acting is spot-on and hilarious. This movie also does a good job with the heart. It shows how while Bruce Wayne has a tough shell, inside he's heartbroken, and Will Arnett does a great job showing that as well. The Joker is also great in this movie. He is voiced by Zach Galifianakis. You would probably have no idea he was the voice actor if you didn't find out before the movie, but he does a great job. Michael Cera is also great as Robin and is really funny. The animation is this movie is also great. It's really inventive and creative. The script is hilarious! It has lots of jokes that land every time I see this movie, similar to the first movie. Overall, this movie is hilarious, heartfelt, and beautifully animated, featuring great voice acting and a solid script. It's a spoof movie that isn't afraid to make fun of it self, and it's a fun adventure for all ages.	4
Before I talk about the movie, I'd like to briefly share my thoughts of the first LEGO movie. Like everyone else, I surprisingly really enjoyed the first movie. I thought it was going to be a cheap movie-long commercial only to sell more LEGO toys, but it ended up being one of the funniest movies of 2014. It had tons of clever humor, lovable characters, a very heartfelt message, and astounding animation. Who would've thought a movie about LEGOs could be so poignant? I guess my main issue with the movie is that maybe it's a little too funny. Every other second, they throw in a funny joke and it kind of loses its edge as the movie goes on. Regardless, it's still a great movie.With the success of the first movie, it makes sense to release another LEGO movie featuring one of the characters we knew already, LEGO Batman (Will Arnett), as the main character. He's dealing with the fact that he doesn't have a family and is stuck with this fear of having a family because he's been relishing his life just fighting crime and stopping his enemies by himself, particularly the Joker (Zach Galifianakis). But Barbara Gordon (Rosario Dawson) is sworn in as the new commissioner of Gotham City and puts an end to Batman's duties fighting crime and have the city police take charge. Meanwhile, the Joker seeks his diabolical plan of teaming up and releasing all villains from various franchises from the Phantom Zone in an attempt to take over Gotham once and for all. Realizing Batman needs help to stop the Joker, he teams up with Barbara, his butler Alfred (Ralph Fiennes), and his sidekick Robin (Michael Cera).Sounds like a pretty generic plot, but they manage to have a lot of fun with it. There is a ton of metahumor that references the history of Batman. I'm not one of those people who usually likes pop cultural references used for a movie's humor, I feel like it's lazy humor that is clearly pandering to its demographic and is usually done just for the sake of referencing something. However, in this movie, it's done right because it makes sense, it's supposed to be a spoof of the Batman franchise. They've referenced all the movies, the TV shows, the comics, and constantly makes fun of the tropes of the superhero genre. It's really cool that DC has allowed the LEGO studio to poke fun at their media. Though I guess it makes sense, they're both owned by Warner Brothers. Being a movie fan and seeing a lot of these comic book movies coming out, this was a real treat, I was laughing pretty hard. There is this type of hero/villain "relationship" between Batman and the Joker. The Joker feels betrayed that he means nothing to Batman and he was never his true arch nemesis, which is poking fun at the fact that Batman never seems to truly stop him and that the Joker loves fighting with Batman. You can feel a little sympathy for the Joker. This joke carries on throughout the movie and it's pretty hilarious. The animation is just as amazing at the first movie. I love how the CGI looks like it was made as a stop-motion animation out of LEGOs, and the color scheme is really beautiful to look at. You expect animated movies to look beautiful nowadays, so this comes as no surprise. The cast was very enjoyable; Will Arnett as Batman, Michael Cera as Robin, Zach Galifianakis as the Joker, and pretty much everyone else is great.Where the movie falters for me a little bit is the same problem I had with the first LEGO movie in that there's a little too much humor. You're enjoying the first half of the movie laughing your butt off with every joke they throw in at every second, and then the humor kind of wares off a bit by the second half. It's still funny, it just doesn't have that same effect as it did earlier. That's probably just me, you might find the entire movie consistently funny beginning to end not wanting it to stop. It also does follow a similar formula that first LEGO movie had with, again, the fast humor, that one song that repeats itself throughout the movie, the female side character, over-the-top action sequences, and a heartfelt message at the end. Not to say this is a bad thing by any means, just something that you should know if this is a personal issue.These are fairly small problems that I expected from the movie anyway. The movie gave exactly what I thought I was going to get and I had a great time watching it. By far the best Batman movie since THE DARK KNIGHT, if you can count this as a Batman movie. Come on, you have to! Sure, it's a spoof of Batman, but it's still Batman! Anyways, I highly recommend you check this movie out, it's definitely worth your time. If you have kids, this is a must see for them, they will LOVE it!Grade: A-	4
Just a few funny moments, had an impressive list of villains/ other characters. Robin annoying	3
Funny with good special effects	3
A funny slapstick LEGO comedy "brickfilm" has enough laughs to quirk up a sad child, but it lacks something I can't make out...perhaps that old pile of LEGO bricks I have on my shelf...	3
This movie should not and did not have to be this good. The character and sorry depth was impressive and the humor is great and pretty constant. Probably the best Animated Film I'll see this year.	4
Caution: This is a kids movie. For LITTLE kids, even. I'll start off by saying that my rating does not reflect what a little kid would think of this movie - there is no doubt that kids will love it. But as an adult, and moreover, an adult that thought "The LEGO Movie" was one of the best films of the decade, I was profoundly disappointed. The movie starts out strong and exactly like it should have - as a parody of a real Batman movie. Sadly, it soon deviates from this trajectory in favor of a kid-friendly story with a beat-you-over-the-head message about the importance of friendship. The fun and upbeat first half starts to get dull by the middle, and by the third act, the drag is palpable. This might be the only Batman film that has ever bored me. Though I did laugh several times, for the most part, this movie is just not very funny. The Batman character is still great and stays true to his formulation in the LEGO Movie - sublimely narcissistic and delusional about his own awesomeness. The setup of the character is inherently funny, and Will Arnett fully delivers on that humor with his appropriately gravelly Batman voice. But some of the joy of the character is lost as the film takes on a more serious note, delving into the Bats' self-imposed solitude and emotional isolation... all of which his Batmannery is really just a cover for. It's hard for someone who is so lonely to be funny! Luckily, the movie throws in some laugh-worthy pop-culture references for the adults, specifically the previous iterations of Batman throughout the years. The animation is beautiful, but many of the sequences are shot so frenetically that you miss a lot of what's happening on-screen, and I suspect I missed quite a few of the visual gags. Bottom line - this movie had the potential to have people of all ages rolling in the aisles, but it sacrifices humor and novelty in favor of telling a hokey story with a moral that we've seen a million times before. Even for a kiddie movie, I expect more. The filmmakers just didn't dream big enough by only targeting a limited audience of small kids, without throwing in enough treats to keep the older folks satisfied.	3
So funny.. a lot of references to today's political world.. God bless Jesus love you	4
The best Bruce Wayne story we've ever scene, Lego Batman offers the same fun, wit, and color the original movie possessed.	4
What a fun ride! The Lego movie set a high standard in my mind for Lego movies. Definitely a breakthrough and I had high expectations for the Lego Batman. Initially I was not as impressed and almost did not finish the movie but I'm sure glad I gave it a second try! They've got a wonderful cast, the same humor you've come to expect, but what I really liked about it is how they explored Batman working alone and never working as a team. I've dealt with the same issues and it was great to see him learn how to work with a team and even admit that he actually needed the Joker. Tons of action! And it's funny some of the evil characters they bring in like the eye from Lord of the rings! So all in all it was a fun movie and has a very positive message for everyone.	4
After the first Lego Movie I was really looking forward to this one... only to find Lego Batman to be completely disappointing. Not nearly as funny, fun or a good time as the The Lego Movie... most of the time I was bored and couldn't wait for it to end. Disappointed.	1
One of the best movies I ever seen!	5
Fine, good. Nothing super special. Lego movie is better. More of adult humor & story line. My 3 yr old asked to leave about 1/2 way through, and my husband fell asleep.	2
I love this movie, love it, love it, love it.	5
Pure fun, spectacle, unexpectedly and actually much more funnier than recent teen comedies and genuinely heartfelt... coming from a film that are about pop culture characters made of bricks.	4
Awesome movie... Lots of fun.	4
Not as good as the Lego Movie. Or perhaps the Lego Movie set the expectations too high. There were funny parts. There were boring parts. If you enjoyed the Lego Movie you'll enjoy this.	3
Funny, entertaining, and family friendly, The Lego Batman Movie doesn't surpass the original Lego Movie, but it's just as amazing. The Lego CGI is just as incredible as it was in The Lego Movie, the script is expertly written, and the acting is phenomenal. Will Arnett may not be the best Bruce Wayne or the best Batman, but he's definitely equally good at being both. Likewise, Zach Galifianakis isn't the best Joker, but he brings a new dimension to the iconic villain. Michael Cera, Rosario Dawson, and Ralph Fiennes are all perfectly cast as their respective characters, and Billy Dee Williams' return to the role of Harvey Dent/Two Face is just a fantastic nod to Tim Burton's Batman movies. The Scuttler is honestly one of the coolest Batman vehicles ever created, although not quite as badass as the Tumbler. Honestly, the best part of the movie are the literally countless pop culture references. All the villains trapped in the Phantom Zone (Voldemort, Daleks, etc), Batman's computer password (IronManSucks), every Bat vehicle and costume, Batman's "phases" from each previous Batman movie and the '60s TV show, my personal favorite, the Shark Repellent Bat Spray, and so many more. In the end, this is an insanely good movie that's worth rewatching many many times.	4
This is not really for me. Suffers from the same problem a lot of the Lego games have as well. The whole "Look at me hahaha I'm so clever haha I just made an ironic joke aren't I so clever hahaha?"It's really grating to me. The Lego Movie was able to overcome this somewhat, but this movie, no way. It dialed it up to 11.	2
Lego Batman rocked my socks off.	5
Extremely funny and a great story. Definitely want to see it again.	5
Fun and funny. Yet the subtle gay jokes of the joker is not really for kids, LOL.	3
Story: 10/10Animation: 9/10Characters: 8/10Overall Score: 9/10	4
Underwhelming, especially after all the hype I heard around it being this great thing. It was fine and it got a couple of chuckles but other than that it was very meh. 5.5 out of 10	2
It's an ok mayhem. For the children.	2
I watched this with my 14 and 18 year old daughters. We all love super hero movies and a good animated show. This was NOT one of them. How this got such a high review I do not know. I was SOOOOOOOO BORING!!!	1
Bombarding the audience with ideas, spoofs, pop culture references etc. is not always that funny but, along with the completely different approach of Batman's character, it's enough to have a good time.	3
While it may be a good movie....the story plot is kinda predictable.	3
This shouldn't be amusing and yet here we are.	3
Great movie but not as funny or great as The Lego Movie...There's really no character development at all except for Batman and all the villains seemed shoehorned in there with no purpose but to "woo" the DC fans. Not to mention, Batgirl, who has a VERY primary role in the film is unmentioned or seen in the Lego movie. Making it another move to "woo" the DC fans. Overall, besides the comedy I believe this film was only made just to get a quick buck for The Lego Movie 2, which you KNOW will be better then this.	3
Enjoyable with a poignant backstory.	3
Enjoyable with a poignant backstory.	3
The first LEGO movie was better, but this was fun.	4
Batman's humor cracked me up throughout the movie. Has a decent story line and was better than the other Lego movie. Worth a watch.	3
Incredibly fun and entertaining movie.	4
Funny and clever from start to finish	4
Will Arnett killed it as Batman.	3
After the surprisingly touching original LEGO movie, perhaps I set my expectations a bit too high for this one.It's still much better than a LEGO movie has any right to be. Its a fun ride, and carries over the child-like joy of the original. But I ultimately found it forgettable. Fun for a movie night with the kids.	3
The Lego Batman Movie is directed by Chris McKay who was the animation co-director of The Lego Movie, and it stars Will Arnett, Zack Galifianakis, Michael Cera, Rosario Dawson, and Ralph Fiennes in a 3D computer-animated superhero comedy about Batman/Bruce Wayne (Will Arnett) that lives alone with his butler that has nothing to do, and he apparently come across his adoptive son which he wasn't quite happy about and has to deal with him while trying to stop the Joker's plan. I love The Lego Movie very much that I was looking forward to this movie, and of course with this being released on DVD, I rented it and very much enjoyed it. Will Arnett is great in this that he's with Michael Keaton and Kevin Conroy as one of the best portrayals of Batman/Bruce Wayne in films. Zack Galifianakis is a weird choice as the Joker, but he did very well of showing the crazy side of Joker that makes him better than Jared Leto, even if he doesn't have the intimidation that Jack Nicholson and Heath Ledger has, which makes sense in this film as it's a kids one at that. The animation is really impressive to look at as I know that it has its share of computer animation with real stop-motion animation so you can't tell them apart. The story is well done which is impressive to see that with 5 writers that doesn't feel all over the place. The characters are enjoyably great and memorable, and we never saw this side from Batman before in terms of the family aspect as his family was killed in the alley, and he never quite know what it's like to be a father. The jokes in this are really funny, but there wasn't as much laugh-out-loud moments as in The Lego Movie, nor as clever either. So even with that small flaw, I still enjoyed The Lego Batman Movie very much and I can't wait to see The Lego Ninjago Movie.	4
Hilarious, clever, fantastic animation and high on originality	4
So cute!!! Very funny and intense at the same time. The kids have watched it 10 times already and never tire of it.	4
Very good movie. It's fast action and lots of good laughs for kids and parents.	4
Funny with some unexpectedly spectacular action scenes. But it's sort of weird watching a movie whose characters know they're in a movie.	4
A funny self aware celebration of our favorite Caped Crusader.	3
The movie was not want I was hoping 4 but it was still pretty trash if u know what I'm sayin	2
I wasn't a fan of the Lego Movie but this was really entertaining. It takes the piss of Batman and has loads of in jokes (I am sure Batman freaks will give this repeated viewings) and I am sure plenty more that went over my head. Batman is brilliantly voiced by Will Arnett as is Galifianakis as the Joker. Great fun.	3
Dizzy after having watched for 30 minutes. Not as good as the previous Lego movie.	1
[i]'What am I gonna do, get a bunch of criminals together to fight the criminals? That's a stupid idea'[/i]So in the Lego universe, an unknown distance (at this point) away from what we witnessed in the first Lego movie, the city of Gotham exists. Within this city Batman and his allies battle the forces of evil on a regular basis, except on Sundays maybe. The forces of good have gotta have a day off right?Well as usual it looks like the Joker is at it again with his criminal cohorts and their naughty antics. Whilst trying to detonate a bomb under Gotham City, Batman and Joker face-off. Unwittingly Batman appears to destroy the Joker's delicate feelings when he starkly informs the Joker he isn't his arch nemesis. In fact he doesn't even need the Joker, the criminal isn't as important in Batman's life as he thinks. This hurts the Joker more than anything that has come before and causes him to review his strategies. The Joker plans to show how important he is to Batman, how vital he is in Batman's life, and this will require a cunning plan of deception.What I really loved about this movie was the raw exposure of Batman's life, his true existence. And by that I mean the fact he's essentially a bit of a loser, a loner, clearly narcissistic, a manic depressive, has maybe a touch of OCD and is quite possibly a bit unhinged. Bottom line we see right away that Batman does indeed need his enemies to survive, he does indeed need the Joker to give his life purpose. This is highlighted fantastically with the sequences in the Batcave where we see vast open spaces filled with technology and gadgets that could be used by a team of superheroes. Then again in Wayne Manor where we see Batman rattling around in large echo filled rooms all by his lonesome, except for the aging Alfred. I loved the small bits where we see Batman preparing his lobster dinner, then eating it on his own. He then proceeds to his own personal cinema to watch his favourite Tom Cruise movie ('Jerry Maguire') on his own. His laughter again echoes around the empty room exposing his self-imposed solitary confinement. Its also during these sequences we start to see some of the sweet references to all the previous Batman movies. Admittedly they did kinda look the same (unavoidable) but I simply couldn't help but smile as I saw the brief visual flashbacks from every Batman movie in Lego form (except the 1966 movie which was live action).Its these references to other movies, TV shows, modern pop culture and the humour that, for me, made this movie so enjoyable. Essentially the plot wasn't important, it didn't really need to be, and besides, it was always gonna be the same spiel anyway. This movie was basically a chance to look for easter eggs and have a laugh, and with that I wasn't disappointed. This movie is loaded with obvious and not so obvious nods to so many things. I liked how in between some scenes we saw the classic spinning Batman logo from the 1966-68 Batman TV series. The legendary shark repellent makes an appearance (again from the 66 Batman movie). There are naturally many recognisable Batman suits to be seen in the background at various stages. At one point we see the Burton Batmobile and Nolan Tumbler. The classic John Williams 1978 'Superman' score is used very very briefly and we also get visual nods to Jor-El (in Brando form) and Zod (in Terence Stamp form). There are many lines of dialog from previous Batman movies used here such as [i]'where does he get all those wonderful toys?'[/i]. There are also many many tiny nods with names being used, visual appearances, links to comics and the animated series etc...I could go on.Another thing that I really loved was the inclusion of so many supervillain characters. Something that could normally be seen as a bad sign and set off alarm bells, works just fine here. Why? because the plot is daft and meaningless and its all about the comedy and visual recognition. Yes we see a shit load of villains who have literally nothing to do but be seen in the background or say one line or complete one task. Who cares! in this movie it just doesn't matter because its literally like watching a child play with his toys (ala the first Lego movie). The fun part is firstly just seeing all these wacky characters in Lego form, secondly then Googling their Wiki to find out more about them. Zebra-Man? Kite Man? Clock King? Condiment King? Calendar Man?? Seriously??? I love it!!One little niggle though, something I didn't really get or like. All the villains in the Phantom Zone were villains/baddies (dinosaurs?) from other movies such as 'Jurassic Park', 'Gremlins', 'Harry Potter' and the old Universal monster movies of the 20's - 50's. Why? I don't get why they used these characters because it kinda took me out of the whole superhero vibe of it all. Of course I know its because Lego covers virtually everything and if they can use the license they will, but I just didn't like that idea. Why couldn't they just use more from the huge catalog of DC characters? And why wasn't Zod, Ursa or Non used as main villains? They show Zod but don't utilise him which was an odd choice frankly. I'd much rather see him used than Dracula for heavens sake. Also, why does the Joker look more like a demon? He has pointed teeth and again an odd choice in hairstyle.This did all lead me to ask myself one thing though, seeing as the first Lego movie established this Lego universe as merely a young boys imagination (I believe that's how it went if I remember correctly). Does this mean that everything in this movie is also merely a young child's imagination? Would it be the same child? Seeing as this is a spin-off and linked to said original movie, I must assume its all a child's imagination at playtime. Anyway that aside, I did enjoy this movie, more so than the first Lego movie methinks. The voice work from the multitude of actors was again spot on (just like the first movie). Obviously Will Arnett as Batman wins hands down because its just so damn amusing to hear Batman talk about regular everyday stuff in that gravelly macho voice. It all looks sharp, colourful and gorgeous. That Lego stop motion animation is so endearing although a tad frenetic at times, and the comedy overall is pretty much pitch perfect. There's stuff for the kids, stuff for the adults and plenty of stuff for the fanboys and nerds. Normally I'm not the greatest fan of modern pop culture references and trendy in-film songs, especially on overload. But this movie shows how it can be done well without being annoying.	4
unwatchable as an adult	1
The movie's great jokes cover up it's small flaws, well played.	4
Great. Funny, loaded with slapstick, and great use of music. Soundtrack is really good.I loved it,Kids loved it.Win/win	5
Really, really great... and really, really too long. The first one ended too soon, but Lego Batman overstays.	3
Really, really great... and really, really too long. The first one ended too soon, but Lego Batman overstays.	3
Not only is "The Lego Batman Movie" another immaculately crafted and highly entertaining bit of cross promotion that has no right being as good as it is; it also truly gets the "Batman" mythology and sends up "The Caped Crusader" is effortlessly hilarious and creative fashion. It may not reach the level of "The Lego Movie's" existential twist, and you may need to do a little Bat Research in order to get the most out of it's endless Easter Eggs, but "The Lego Batman Movie" is a worthy follow-up that's wacky, irreverent fun and the best Batman flick this side of Nolan!	3
Great sense of humor, every line draws at least chuckle from the audience.	4
Funny and Action packed	5
You know that awkward moment when you work for a movie studio and your animated kids' movie based off of a line of toys is better than your PG-13 "oh so serious" live-action movies? DC knows how that feels. How so, you ask? Hmmm, let's see...better received than the DCEU movies before Wonder Woman - which is the DCEU's first legitimately good movie that succeeds where Batman v Superman, Suicide Squad and the few female superhero movies before it failed -, fun action sequences that are a lot more engaging than in BvS which I believe is because of the fewer limitations that the slow process of animation allows, beautifully animated with the characters moving, IMO, a lot more smoothly than in the also pretty good animated hit, The Lego Movie. OK, fine the DCEU movies don't have terrible visuals but whatever. Not taking itself too seriously, Heath Ledger's Joker would be proud, may Ledger rest in peace. And far more coherent storytelling than in BvS. I am mostly reviewing this film as if I have seen it before Wonder Woman but note that this mostly apply to the problems in pre-Wonder Woman DCEU entries, despite giving BvS and Suicide Squad four stars. Let's just say I was in a good mood and feeling generous. And now, some meta humour. *deep Will Arnett Batman voice* Every review should end with a summary that will make a parent or studio executive satisfied. And most of them should start with "all in all". So, here we go. *normal voice* All in all, The Lego Batman Movie is a beautifully animated, freaking hilarious, action-packed and just damn good fun that serves as the best Batman movie since The Dark Knight. The Lego Batman Movie is, in terms of movies, the OTHER hero the DCEU deserves but not the one it needs right now. If Warner Bros. can't bring Nolan back, why not have the director of this movie, if not Lord and Miller, direct it? Maybe Justice League might be one of Zack Snyder's better efforts in recent years. We'll find out soon enough.	5
Not quite as original and fun as 'The Lego Movie', but still a great parody of Batman with excellent animation and use of Lego. Tries to ht some emotional marks, with Bruce/Batman finding a 'family' (and #1 foe, in Joker), but it's a little too obvious. Great voice cast - Arnett's still perfect to voice Batman - with a few great references and frenetic action scenes.	3
The Lego Batman Movie is a film that both kids and adults can enjoy. Great animation and hilarious scenes with laugh-out-loud references, this is another fantastic Lego movie that makes people want more from the franchise.	4
It's Batman... Enuff said.	4
I loved it! I died laughing. It doesn't take itself too seriously, which is what I love about it. Unlike Batman (the character), it has a heart. The Lego Batman Movie really stands out as the best DC animated theatrical movie since 1993's Batman: Mask of the Phantasm, except this is more of a comedy. An action-packed animated superhero comedy with a heart. So... let's put a smile on that face! I couldn't resist. Ha-ha-ha!	5
A colorful, funny, and relentlessly entertaining animated spoof.	4
so good on so many levels	4
3.9/5I find that the most transcendental aspect of The Lego Movie was that it was a film about Lego itself and all that it represents, and as such, it made use of all the talent possible to create an impossibly charming and coherent film, and while The Lego Batman Movie retains pretty much all the charm and excellent self-awareness of The Lego Movie, I cant help but feel that the change towards Batman, his universe, and his issues, could've been handled just a tad more creatively as part of a universe made of colorful bricks.	4
Very funny family movie that will even please hardcore DC fans as let's face it this is just what DC needed after getting unfairly panned in every film they make lately, It's non stop laughs from the word go and hardly ever slows down, Full of some good animations and action scenes there's something for just about anyone, It even takes allot of shots at previous Batman films and even rips into Superman allot too, But it's all in good fun, I can't comment on the 3D as I watched the 2D version, It's better than The Lego Movie and it's hard to imagine anyone walking out of this film disappointed.	4
Remember when Despicable Me had the Minions and people wanted a spin off movie with just them and it sucked? Well this had the potential to be that.....And it turned out AWESOME!!!After Batman (Will Arnett) stops the Joker (Zach Galifianakis) once again, The Joker is left humiliated by Batman and plans the ultimate revenge plan to get back it him. And it is actually really clever. Batman tries to stop him but ends up making things worse as it turns out that is what the Joker planned all along.This movie has balls! Has all the comedic elements of The Lego Movie and takes risks with characters referencing Batman of the past and using them to tell the story, but they don't ruin it the way they do it. They also inclusion of Daleks, Gremlins, Voldermort (voiced by Ralph Fiennes to) and so many more is so great! especially they way the include them in this! One Problem, I like the Joker, I like his plan, I like everything about him. But I don't think Zach Galifianakis is a good voice for the Joker. He just seems like a regular character with none of the personality Hamill, Nicholson, Ledger or even Remo brought to the role. He is dull in comparison.The Batman related jokes are some of the best! Including the jib at Suicide Squad, Makes this easily better than Batman VS Superman! So colorful and entertaining!4 Stars! GO SEE!	4
Some great animation and a few funny throwbacks to past Batman incarnations, but the film itself is pretty forgettable and doesn't even come close to the bar that The Lego Movie set.	2
surprisingly well done, not nearly as well as the LEGO movie but still a fun watch with the kids. It's a bit more on the kids but there are plenty to see and jokes and nods to catch for the adults that keep up with all of batman.	4
Literally laughed from beginning to end omg	4
4.5 / 5 - Batman never skips leg day.	4
Incredibly fun, hilarious, visually dazzling, and a treat for all ages!	5
Not quite as sharp as The Lego Movie, but very funny and great-looking, with a top-shelf cast. Arnett, Galifianakis, Dawson, Cera and Fiennes are all great, but there are so many cameos that most barely get a look-in. I thought, 'Zoe Kravitz as Catwoman? Cool!' but she only says like one word in the whole thing (the thought of her in the role means I now want to see her play it for real in a live-action movie). Kate Micucci as Clayface?! Sweet.	4
So funny, hot damn. Self-aware in the most intelligent way.	4
This movie works on so many levels. It works as a follow-up to The LEGO Movie, it works a standalone comedy, and it works as a satire of everything the Dark Knight stands for. It's ambitious as hell, every second is filled to the brim with material. You basically have to pause the movie repeatedly if you want to catch all the jokes and see all the details in the scenery. If I have a problem with the movie, it's that. The movie moves so fast that it's hard to appreciate all the details. The sets are gorgeous and amazing looking, but they move by so fast you can't always appreciate how amazing they look. Same thing with the jokes, you'll be laughing at one joke and the next joke will fly by. Other jokes are happening in the background or in text form and they go by faster than sign jokes in The Simpsons or Bob's Burgers. Then there's the villains, holy god, the villains. Pretty much every Batman villain out there is at least seen in this movie, and probably half of them will at least get to do something. Without getting into spoilers, there are also other villains, and while their inclusion is insane and kind of brilliant, they stuff the movie further. The movie is crammed with enough material to cover three movies, and it's pressurized into one. Thing is, I'm not certain that's a bad thing. The movie goes so fast it's impossible to get bored, and it has such a mad creativity you never know where it's going to go. Yeah there's a ton going on, yeah it'd be nice if a few characters got more recognition, but as a celebration of everything Batman and everything LEGO, it doesn't get much better.	5
Although it isn't as good as "The LEGO Movie", "The LEGO Batman Movie" serves as a parody of itself and as a homage to the Batman character, who is with us for almost 80 years! It has some doll and too much sentimentalist dialogues and some ilogicall moments (even for the non-sense comedy), but we easily forget that because we love Batman and his crew, especially when Zach Galifianakis is playing The Joker!	3
B+The LEGO Batman Movie is a perfect example that spoof films can make a resurgence if they are as goofy, self referential, and love their source material as much as this film does.	4
Not as good as the lego movie, but the batman references are great	4
For me, the character of Batman was better digested as a side item, rather than the main course. Much like the Lego Movie, there is still much comedy and an overall lesson to be learned, but I still prefer its predecessor.	3
While the voice work is good, a story about Batman trying to establish relationships is dull. That animation is just beautiful. The action is pretty good but a little hard to follow at least times. The story is very dull at times and the exciting points don't compensate. Overall it's an average movie.	3
Loved it so much I had to get it on VUDU for the kiddos!	5
Not as good as The Lego Movie but certainly good enough to at least watch once if not make apart of your collection. My kids loved it (oldest being 5). Batman is well played by Will Arnett. I love how they incorporate so many of the DC comics characters in the film. A great story and solid lesson for all to learn in working with others.	4
Just like the Lego Movie (not as good, but close), The LEGO Batman Movie is a fast-paced, pretty funny, and sometimes heartfelt animated meta movie that a lot of kids and adults will find really enjoyable.	4
"The Lego Batman Movie" is fast paced, funny, and witty. There are big changes brewing in Gotham, and if he wants to save the city from The Joker's hostile takeover, Batman may have to drop the lone vigilante thing, try to work with others and maybe, just maybe, learn to lighten up.On a calm Saturday night after work, my sister and her fiancee approached me and asked if I wanted to watch this film. In all honesty, I wasn't really that interested. I initially turned it down, but in the end, I decided to watch it. In a nice surprise, I actually really enjoyed this film. There's a lot of good aspects to it, even if it isn't perfect. One thing I enjoyed about this film is its quick and witty dialogue. I feel like you're constantly laughing every few minutes, which makes this movie really fun. The pacing is really fast, if not overly fast, but it keeps you drawn in throughout its short run time. The animation was simultaneously really impressive. The animation was really smooth and well done, with a lot of attention given to really small details. There's something about the animation in lego movies that really impresses me, and they continued to show that quality here. The voice actors were also a great fit for the film. Will Arnett was great as Batman, while the rest of the crew all put on great performances also. There were a lot of great voice actors in this movie, and they were all able to really bring out the characters at hand.In the end, this film movies really quickly, but it's still a solid flick. It's fun and entertaining, while providing even a handful of emotional moments.	4
I enjoyed this more then I thought I would. I was not a huge fan of the lego movie but I laughed quite a bit with this film.8.4/10	4
It wasn't as good as The Lego Movie, but it was definitely very clever and well-written, and one of the funniest films of the year so far.	4
Best line: "So if I'm Batgirl, can I call you Batboy?"	4
A love letter to the caped crusader. Bat fans around the world will find something to love. Also can boast to be one of the funniest movies of the year.	4
It's amazing go and see it.	5
The LEGO Batman Movie delivers a fast, funny, and heart-felt take on the usually dark hero, with an all star cast, that create a memorable appearance.	4
Never knew plastic lego men can bring so much joy :)	5
Awesome movie, lots of inside Batman jokes from the old movies and show. Enjoyed from beginning to end.	5
Following in the footsteps of The Lego Movie, The Lego Batman Movie is built upon fantastic, thrilling visuals, a stellar voice cast, witty dialogue, and heartwarming narrative elements. Fun for both kids and adults, this movie delivers fantastic comedy that is simple enough for children to enjoy and other high-brow jokes that adults and parents will enjoy.Arguably the movie's strongest asset is the constant in-jokes and Easter eggs to the Batman cinematic mythos. In referencing every cinematic iteration of Batman from Adam West to Michael Keaton, Val Kilmer, George Clooney, Christian Bale, and even as up to date as Ben Affleck, the Lego Batman Movie honors the legacy of Batman while poking fun at it, but never once disrespecting it or demeaning it. This is a fun ride for all.	4
Absolutely entertaining and witty. BEST DC movie!!!!	4
That was cute! Had the adult theme going on for us grown ups too....very funny. :)	5
I guess it is good for kids, but I found it a bore.	2
It starts out as a rather funny and clever dissection of the Batman character, but then falls apart a little towards the end when it ties everything up a little too neatly with the family themes.	3
Not as good as Lego Movie, but this was enjoyable.	3
Was just ok? Half as good as lego movie.	3
A very funny movie with perfect voice acting, then only problem is that there are to many jokes, I felt tired of laughing at one point. Very enjoyable!	4
The Batman scenes in The Lego Movie are my favorite. And the trailers for The Lego Batman Movie sold me on the premise of Batman front and center in a hilariously wacky adventure. But the end result was an exhausting exercise in enduring Lego Batman's over-the-top personality, that better serves in smaller doses. That's not to say the movie is a bust. But the novelty of Lego animation in a anything goes universe has worn-off. Definitely one of the better family movies, that kids will enjoy, just temper adult expectations.	3
Utterly GENIUS movie	5
I love this moveIt is so funny.I am going to give this move 10010000000000000 stares for this lol and cool move!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:)	5
The Lego Batman Movie may lack some of the originality and zest that made The Lego Movie such a surprise hit, but Will Arnett's overly macho take on the Caped Crusader offers fun adventures and a good message for all. The Lego Batman Movie soars, just not as high as it could.	3
Entertaining with a funny emotional back story and the number of sidekicks and "cameo" is brilliant.	3
June 18 2017: Watching this movie for the second time (First time was on March 12) after watching that bad movie, Trolls, it made me appreciate animation againOverall Score: A (9.5/10)	4
Good kids movie. But I didn't like some of the voices used.	3
The are milking batman way to much inother words it was just a blahhh movie	2
Saw this one on the plane out of desperation for anything to help pass the time. While it had its moments, I'd say you may want to let this one pass you by.	2
It is OK, not as good as the Lego Movie though. More annoying. My kids got board with it.	3
Bottom line: a movie kids and their 30-something parents can enjoy together.	4
Not as good as the last Lego movie, but stayed true to the same humor and quirkiness which was a plus. A movie filled with inside jokes and plastic figures fighting to save the world. The story is fun and a ride filled with action, but is long to the viewer. This movie could have easily been split into other movies. Too many characters and events going on at the same time, which was good and bad because it was over whelming at times.	4
4.5 of 5 stars.Not another kids movie; refreshingly silly tone and smart dialogue, as the new Batman is an anti-hero. Affleck should take notes.	4
Wow, una montaña rusa de diversión tamaño Lego. Super original, super divertida, y mucho DC Comics. Me encantó	5
he's lego Batman, he's awesome. for the first half	3
Fun and funny time indeed!	4
The problems with The LEGO Batman Movie unfortunately cannot be overlooked enough to garner a positive review. Surely, critics will call be overly cynical. Maybe I am. But even for a kid's movie, this isn't very good. Certain parts are, of course. The opening, for example, is spectacular. A plane flying over Gotham City is carrying loads of bombs, dynamite, and C4. What else? And, of course, it is taken over by the Joker (Zach Galifianakis), who hatches an unnecessarily complex plot to destroy Gotham. There are a lot of in-jokes for those of us who have seen all the Batman movies, and the entire scene serves as both a parody of and homage to Batman. There are more of these sprinkled throughout the entire film of course, as well as plenty of funny non-Batman related jokes.But the movie definitely dips in quality after the first sequence, both in terms of comedy and plot. The Caped Crusader himself, voiced by Will Arnett, deals with an issue deeper than anything most Batmans have ever had to deal with: loneliness. This is handled when he accidentally adopts a young orphan, who later becomes Robin (Michael Cera).The setup is good enough; in fact, it's quite good for a kid's movie, but the execution is worse than usual. Most of this is due to character development. If you think it's unfair to criticize a kid's movie on the basis of characters, just look at Pixar movies. They understand characters and character development. This movie is weak in both aspects. Batman, who begins the film as a narcissistic, uncaring recluse, almost immediately become a loving, father-like guardian within minutes of teaming up with his "son," Robin, and then seemingly switches between both personalities throughout the rest of the film without apparent cause. A good chunk of the movie also deals with the new mayor, Barbara Gordon (Rosario Dawson), who seeks to team up with Batman. Their relationship isn't handled well either, for the same reason: the filmmakers can't figure out who they want Batman to be. Another major issue that I personally had with the movie was the ending, which devolves into nothing more than an extended battle sequences. Nothing new is added into the mix, nothing that would entertain anyone over the age of about eight, and it had me sighing in boredom, counting down the minutes until the film finally ended. And at only 104 minutes, no audience member should be that jumpy and wanting to leave. I understand the main point of this film is simply to be funny. That is part of the reason I didn't like the huge ending battle sequence; nothing funny is happening, and there is certainly no plot. The "reward" at the end, where we finally get to see Batman become the "good guy" and love his new family, is a trope we've seen in every movie from How the Grinch Stole Christmas to Despicable Me to Up. And if we're talking about the original 1966 Grinch cartoon, all of these films are better, and the sweet ending where the "bad guy" comes around, though a cliché, is at least heartwarming. I didn't even get that in this movie, probably because, as I said before, Batman's personality and character are all over the map throughout the film's entirety, to the point of being laughable. I obviously didn't hate this film, as I gave it two and a half stars. Nothing really happens, the characters are handled poorly, and the ending dissolves into nothingness, but I will say that I laughed quite a few times. It's a pretty funny film, and reasonably fun. Unfortunately, the picture's glaring flaws cannot be overlooked, at least for me. I know, as anybody who saw The LEGO Movie knows, that these filmmakers can do much better.--Rating: 2.5/4	3
It is funny, and Warner Bros. did a great job giving Lego Batman a great spinoff film. I wouldn't call it a Lego Movie, because it was based on mostly Batman related scenes.	5
Fun, but a little too self aware for its own good. Thought the Lego Movie handled that a bit better, tbh.	3
Alfred: "Master Bruce, your greatest fear is..." Batman: "Snakes?" Alfred: "No." Batman: "It's clowns." Alfred: "No. it's being part of a family again." Batman: "Nope. Now it's snake clowns because you put that idea in my head."	3
this just isn't at the level of previous Lego movie. this one is overly pumped up with stereotypes, cynical remarks at the limited stereotypes; gives a standard superhero story, and with batman being a jerk, they intentionally wanted so in order to criticise cliche of a superheroism. Pathos appeal at the climax fails to attach me to the main protagonist thus resulting in an uninteresting movie. This is also backed-up by action-joyride, which isn't at all joyous since action scenes demand visual connection with the viewer, who in this case wants more of an imagination connection, in order to feel these lego bricks as real as... well, as movie demands of them to be. So, not at all ninety percent as is depicted above... Overall it isn't baaaaad, movie, it just fails to bring a more humane story, which should be kind of obvious, duh. :D	3
Pretty bad-man. Ha! No seriously though, it's bad.	1
What a crap movie. I couldn't laugh at even one joke. I was so excited after Lego movie but this one was a major let down.	2
La MEJOR COMEDIA del 17 hasta ahora. Exponen los demonios internos y traumas de este personaje, y le dan un giro para hacerla irónica e incorrecta, porque la neta una persona sumida en depresión crónica, aislada , solitaria da mucha risa por loca.	4
The Lego Batman Movie does not just work because of its humor or animation, rather it's heartfelt and unique take on the beloved superhero.	4
Not sure how this movie is only 81%? It is hilarious from start to finish, literally. The opening of this movie is probably my favourite movie opening of all time. Lots of humour for adults and obviously entertaining for kids.	4
It's very clever but just seems to be trying too hard at times. My daughter thinks it's brilliant though!	3
Udah 2 x Batman versi lego dibuat , menurut ane ini paling the best, Rating di atas itu emang edun banget, tapi tetep aja buat temen2 yang gagal terhibur sama sequel2 lego sebelumnya tetep ga bakal sneng sama ni film. 3D Stop motion emang susah dibedain mana yang bagus mana yang ngga, kalau ane si intinya ada komedi ada cerita yang ga asal banget udah puas. Puas ane sama yang ini.	4
Hilarious, touching, and apocalyptic, it's a great sequel.	4
Wow, this movie was so obnoxious both I and the person I was watching with had to stop the movie 2/3rd through because we just couldn't take it anymore. Should have stopped earlier but we wanted to give it a chance given high reviews... but Batman, the main character, is just way too obnoxious and full of himself for the viewer to care one wit for what he does throughout the movie, in our opinion.	2
A fun romp in the world of Lego. Interesting characters, great visuals, and an ending that left the whole family feeling great.	4
Despite losing a lot of the charm and heart the original Lego Movie captured so well, this is a truly great Batman parody movie in every sense of the word 'parody' that falls in the same light of Airplane, Space-balls, and Young Frankenstein. A good movie for kids and adults that will satisfy both while also offering a solid story continuation of a beloved character, which reconciles a serious pacing problem combined with a ham-fisted story message that will beat the emotional angle of the plot into your skull.	3
Very funny. It was much better than I expected.	4
hilarious fun and entertaining movie, and also a very well made movie. so many clever jokes and references. my kind of humor, definitely smart enough for adults. and a good story with good characters and surprisingly emotional at times. (1 viewing)	4
Mediocre. I'm sure that kids will love it though.	2
Even Better than The Lego Movie! :-)	5
This film was great. One of the best DC films in years. A-	4
A blast of a film. Consistently funny while also paying homage to everything Batman is. I could have gone my entire life without ever having to watch Batman beatbox, but that doesn't take away from everything else this film did right.	4
a fun enjoyable movie with lots of cameos and famous actors voices.	5
Will Arnett gives another fantastic performance voicing Batman. Michael Cera, Rosario Dawson, and Ralph Fiennes all also give great performances. I like the call-backs and references they added to previous versions of Batman. The humor, especially during the beginning of the movie was fantastic. I felt the pacing was a little off and at some parts of the film, it felt very slow and dull.	3
Not as good as the last Lego movie, but stayed true to the same humor and quirkiness. A movie filled with inside jokes and plastic figures fighting to save the world. The story is fun and a ride filled with action, but is long to the viewer. This movie could have easily been split into other movies. Too many characters and events going on at the same which was good and bad because it was over whelming at times.	3
The LEGO Batman movie had a ton of laughs and reeeeeally good animation. I also liked that Batman fought Daleks and Voldemort, this is why I made my Showdown card game haha. There is some down time I thought hurt the pacing a little bit, and the plot was understandably predictable, but also uninteresting in several parts and hard to digest. In fact, I really didn't like the plot. But the beginning of this movie was extremely epic and a great use of parody. I will say that the LEGO Batman movie is One-Watch Worthy.	2
This is a one of the best representation of the caped crusader. A perfect blend of the Batman '66 and Dark Knight to expertly mix the complex psychology of a dark hero and the ridiculous logic of wearing bat ears. The first half is epic and perfect in every way for a Batman comic book fan. Unfortunately second half falls flat as they throw away the perfect mythology of Batman and the beloved rogues gallery for franchise characters that WB owns. I understand the decision and new take, but the villains of Batman are awesome and great to spoof like the old episodes. While the potential was high, the result is half of what felt like the greatest Batman movie ever.	2
For some reason this was an overload of 'clever' for me. One of the best parts of the Lego Movie was batman, but non stop batman is just a bit too batty for this man.	2
Decent not as good as thought it would be	3
That was actually hilarious. I was not expecting it to be as entertaining as it was. I love how they also referenced the old iterations of Batman. Great family fun.	4
A true treat if you're a Batman fan, and still really funny if you're a neophyte.	4
Fun (especially for the true "Batfanatics" out there, but not as good as the Lego movie, (which in and of itself was overrated).	3
It retains all that was good about the first one and all that was bad. It's got some witty moments, some satire, some intelligent winks to the camera, and has an interesting base premise. The storyline also plays like how a kid plays with Lego. Gremlins appear and the Wicked Witch from Oz. However, I did get a little tired of the ADHD pacing, just like I did with the first Lego Movie. Maybe I'm just not the target audience.	3
Cool movie seen 3 timesi	5
The Lego Batman Movie carries the same rapid-fire action, self-awareness, and hilarious creativity that made 2014's outing so successful, but also adds in great inside jokes and thoughtful ideas that build off of Batman's mythology	4
Funny, funny, funny. The Lego batman movie is such a good film with lots of laughs and good action too plus it's very funny laugh my ass off with this film. Best animated film of 2017 plus BATMAN RULES and will always be my number one superhero ever. Funny and fun film love it.	5
It would be difficult to write another Lego Movie as original and funny as the first one. For what it lacked in originality it at least still managed to have the same charm.	4
One Of The Best Batman Movie In A Long Time.	5
Not a fan of this movie it did not feel like a Batman movie because Batman did not fight joker and there we're different villains from different movies so this movie was not good boo!!!	1
This movie had two scenes that were completely epic to watch: the clothes changing montage, and the 1960's back flash montage. The rest of the movie kind of lost me. It's still a very enjoyable film to watch, but in particular I liked the first Lego Movie the better .	3
For a non-batman fan, I do love this movie. It was like base on a 90's kid playing lego batman that made into a movie. It has the humor same with the lego movie, I'm not quite sure if this movie is relatable to kids, it has a lot of adult humor onto it. As a full grown adult, it was such a hit to me. I wish they could make more of this Lego Movie franchise, like a Justice League version, perhaps?	4
One of the best Batman films.	5
Everything is dark and awesome!	5
Liked it. Funny, but not as funny as the first Lego film.	3
Excellently animated and super funny, but a touch too manic and dizzying at times takes some of its appeal away	3
Well...at least it's better than the first Lego movie, but that ending regarding saving the city and me going WTF?	2
Fun, but not as fun as the Lego Movie.	3
This lego movie starts off with great satire but it slowly loses the way towards a family togetherness finale. The lego movie series is 2 for 2 and with another film due later this year, you would think the odds on their side. I liked the film and the humour, the voice work is incredible but a lot of those are lost in the midst of so many. If you're a Batman film you enjoy the interesting nods to 75 years of Batman history and some of those characters are laughably bad. Kids will enjoy the comedy but it is not just made for kids, the film will appeal to adults as well. I hope they continue with the spinoffs and there are so many they can do without direct sequels. The lego movie was extremely clever and this film is right up there but fails to stick the final third. 10-06-2017.	4
This Batman movie works as an homage to all the Batman villains and also allies throughout its existence. It has a creative plot, reaching out to other villains from other universes such as Harry Potter, The Matrix, King Kong and The Lord of the Rings Trilogy. It has a lot of funny references and it is enjoyable to watch.	4
As the second edition in the Lego Movie franchise, it's just as memorable or more so than the first Lego Movie. The theme is fantastic and it was super funny. I would recommend this to anyone all ages.	5
Meh. I'd skip it. You'd think they could have done a much better job with the most interesting character from the Lego movie. The joke wears really thin in the first 5 minutes though, and then it's a sappy and poorly written movie.	2
(R.I.P Adam West) The squeal to the modern hit "The LEGO Movie". The movie follows Batman (Will Arnett) adopting a young orphan named Dick Grayson (Micheal Cera). In which we see batman saving Gotham from villains, and learning about teamwork, family, and friends. The animation well done like the original, as well as the morals are told. However, it trys to much on pop culture refrences (which aren't all bad) with batman being plain meh. First of all, the animation is like the original not to fast, not to slow, not to hyper-realistic, but just right. The animation is wonky at times but, its passable. The star Batman trys so hard to be a mean guy, that it makes him ehhhh okay. Thanks to Will Arnett, it holds up to remind of the less mean batman from "The LEGO Movie". The lessons told in the movie will leave you feeling great as they are well told in the story. It shows the bounding of Batman and Dick being a good family, it can get weird at times, just ignore those parts. Finally, the large amount of pop culture references is scattered from Alfred's speech, to the big creatures in the final act of the film. Its wild, its fun, its nostalgic in many ways want a movie with pop culture from Warner Brothers? Overall, if Batman Had more personality, and if the movie had less pop culture references it would be better. The plus is the animation, morals, and the leads performance. 3 1/2 stars 72%	3
Laughs a minute. Too funny even.	5
"That's what life is about; you may lose people along the way but you stil have to let them in." Heavy psychoanalysis in this (children's?) animated action feature, but i appreciated it. Even Batman's corny jokes couldn't lighten the darkness.I especially enjoyed the ending when they were finally happy.	3
This movie is as sick as Batman's abs!	4
better than batfleck, that's for sure!	3
Meh.Flat jokes and endless reference quips that you've mostly heard before.	3
It had a good point about family and was one of the most hillairious movies I ever watched.	3
Funny! Makes fun of itself and various superheroes, not the greatest story, but who cares it's Lego Batman!!!	3
Good! Not as good as the lego movie tho	4
Better than The Lego Movie. Funny. Excellent for kids	3
My favorite Batman movie of all time!!!	5
Great animation, really funny, actual emotion, but Zach Galafinakis as Joker just was not the best. But that roast on Suicide Squad thoigh, WOOOOOOOOW!	4
Not Bad, I liked the other Lego movie better though.	3
Well that was just weird. King Kong, Voldemort and Sauron in a Batman Movie. Wow! I don't think kids know who them characters are. There are lot of parts to this movie that people of different ages would enjoy8.3/10	4
The Batman character was disappointingly not as funny as he was in The Lego Movie.	2
I enjoyed Batman's involvement in the Lego Movie, but 2hrs of it? Yeah/nah, I lost interest after about 30 minutes and then it was just a struggle to get to the end after that.	2
really good for a Lego kids movie!!!!	4
Rewarding for Batman fans in general and all kids in specific, The LEGO Batman Movie delivers fast-paced action, humour, and charm in spades.	4
Sweet, funny and energetic. One of the best Batman movies ever.	4
The are milking batman way to much inother words it was just a blahhh movie	2
This movie was far above and beyond what I expected. One of the best Batman movies yet.	4
Definitely one of the better "DC" movies overall. Entertaining, funny nothing like the other movies.	3
My friend took me to see this movie on a first date, super fun idea, best first date ever. Thoroughly enjoyed the video games and the movie was even better :)))	5
Sometimes it's hard to believe but yes a lego movie once again hits the jackpot. This time Arnett returns to voice Batman and show a different side to the "dark knight" but with so much heart and laughter it truly is one of the best entries in the batman series.	5
A funny satire and love letter to the dark knight	4
Perfectly decent family film, if not as fresh or impactful as the original Lego Movie. It's funny for the most part (even though, for me - an adult man - a lot of the broader jokes fall flat), looks beautiful, and moves at a good clip. Hard to complain much about this one, but I also can never see myself watching it again.	3
An actually laugh out loud movie. Lego movie continues its reputation of making movies enjoyable for adults and kids.	4
funny version and it is preferable for younger children	5
I found this movie as interesting as The Lego Movie. Although I love the characters and the video games are brilliant, this just felt like a tired routine and I really didn't enjoy it. My children did though, so maybe it's a young thing.	3
A bomb with The Lego Movie and Batman references put together. Few dirty references that were funny but still, overall it was a boring movie.	2
Like the first Lego movie, this movie is exciting, charming and more than ready to make fun of itself and its source material. Goodness knows the source material needs some leavening and a good-natured take down...	4
Great family movie. Appealing to kids and adults.	5
Starts out great but overstays its welcome. Batman was a great addition to The Lego Movie. Perhaps a lego movie of his own was a stretch...	3
"Like that time with the parade and the Prince music?"	5
Loads of fun entertainment!	5
What an extremely boring experience. Although i think it's just me, i certainly think this is neither for kids or adults. And also, predictable as hell.	1
Really enjoyed this. I'm gonna say it was better than The Lego Movie. It was brilliant. The humour, gags, production, it was all perfect. The fan service was brilliant and overall just a fantastic film. It looks incredible and the voices and characters are spot on. This was brilliant.	5
Genuinely funny, lots of fun references, but relatively unmemorable.	3
Funny. but not as funny as The Lego Movie.	3
Much like the Lego movie this movie has tons of emotional scenes in it between great dynamic character who have defines character progression throughout the story and it helps that the humor is spot on and keeps you going through the movie without ever becoming disinterested in the story.	5
Brilliant! super funny. A lot of little comic book references and by a lot I mean... A LOT! Excellent movie overall.	5
An overwhelming number of tongue-in-cheek references and the awesomeness of Will Arnett's Batman doesn't quite cover up the poor excuse for a story underneath the eye-dazzling animation	3
Underwhelming (compared to expectations and previous Lego film).	2
It is the best Lego movie EVER Made!!????????	5
yeah i need to be positive this movie surprised me it was the animated movie best of the year 2017 oscars animated goes to batman lego movie	5
This is funny, witty, and smart. I can't believe a piece of legocinematic is making my life a bit better.	5
This movie started out good with all Batman characters and the whole first and second act of the film was good but once it got to the third act of the film it just didn't really interest me anymore and once all these other characters that are not connected to the Batman/DC universe it just didn't really catch me anymore. The Lego Batman movie was its own movie and the other characters should have not showed up.	3
Whilst not being the first Lego movie to feature Batman as its main protagonist, 'The Lego Batman Movie's superior caliber sets it apart from other movies of its kind. Following on the success of the 'Lego Movie', it combines clever, lighthearted comedy and the visual spectacle with an emotional undercurrent that touches on family and consequences of hubris. Tailored for younger audiences but accessible to older audiences alike, 'The Lego Batman Movie' is a super entertaining movie that strays from the norm and is all the more refreshing because of it.	4
The craziness and self-aware metahumor are still there from the original Lego Movie, but it just wasn't as funny, and didn't feel as fresh. I think that might be largely due to the focus on characters that already existed - and, let's face facts: superheroes are not exactly interesting subject matter to start with (but especially not since they've been extremely overplayed through the last decade or so).	3
Similar to the original Lego movie, it was able to find a clever way to utilize seemingly unrelated characters to deliver a universal message. This movie can resonate with children and child-like adults.	4
Great lego film! Critics gave better and more accurate rating! Worth seeing!	3
Even better than The LEGO Movie!	5
I loved it!!! I love Batman more than Superman!	5
Absolutely totally funny wow	3
Somehow, this is the best any movie has portrayed Batman and Joker's relationship.	4
NO SPOILERS!The first Lego Movie was pretty forgettable, because I've forgotten all about it.I don't think I'm gonna forget this one anytime soon.When I read its reviews, some of them said that it had 'too many jokes'. I thought to myself that it cannot be true. I mean, how can a movie have too many jokes? Now after watching it, I have to agree with them. This movie indeed has too many jokes! Some of them work, most of them don't. They were worth a few chuckles, but not worth laughing out-loud.From its opening scene, they start making fun. They make fun of studios like Warner Bros, some quotes and how all films really begin.We are soon introduced to our protagonist Batman and the antagonist The Joker. There is no lack of superheroes here. We see Superman, Green Lantern, Flash, Wonder Woman, Cyborg, Aquaman, Martian Manhunter, and the Wonder Twins etc.There's also no lack of supervillains too. Not only supervillains of DCEU, but supervillains from all of the famous fantasy films. There's Lord Voldemort, Sauron, King Kong, The Kraken, Jaws, Agent Smith, Dracula, Medusa, The Wicked Witch of the West, the Gremlins, and the Daleks etc.The first half is just a butt-load of jokes, but the story picks up in the second half.I'm not a fan of the 'Lego animation' but it's done marvellously.It is a fun-packed adventure that you shouldn't miss.Recommended!	3
So much fun!!! Loved every single minute of this movie. If you haven't seen it, buy it. You'll watch it over and over again!!	5
Kinda corny but enjoyable	2
So much better then the lego movie	5
Kids and Grown-Ups alike will enjoy The Lego Batman movie. It's many jokes are memorable, and the mockery of other Superhero Movies make it a unique movie. The only real flaw is that it's message is sort of cliche, but forgivable, thanks to the uniqueness of the story and characters.	4
Funny, entertaining, cute. Had a lot of fun watching it	4
Funny and entertaining, gives a fresh spin on the Batman mythos albeit in Lego form.	4
The trailers were really funny. The other bits that make up the movie are collectively like a kindergarten level training video for putting on a poker face. It is hard work to get a laugh out of this. So, so dull.	2
Funny, creative and amazing just the way i love legos so much that iam waiting for the sequel of the lego movie. yet lego batman is still the best.	5
The story isn't as original as the first one, but the story is great with tons and ton of jokes both little and big one. Really like how they call up all previous Batman films. But the villains is too cliche.	4
This film is extremely clever and funny. Chris McKay really understands the history and character of Batman. This film is very self referencing and acknowledges the mistakes of other Batman installations. Will Arnet does a perfect job voicing Batman. The lego animation is great and works really well with action scenes. The story is also really well done, it tackles a serious subject matter that is relevant in Batman films.	4
An exceptional, and super funny take into the world of Batman. This movies knows to not take it self seriously, and attempts to make fun at every aspect of what it means to be batman. A clever script, and a meaningful message puts it head a shoulders above recent animated movies.	5
What can i say about this movie?, is a really fun to watch and you know why? BECAUSE IS BATMAN!, i love the way how they make all those references to previous batman films, this version of batman is phenomenal, too much fun, i never stop laughing, i loved i loved this moviePD: this Joker is better than the Jared Leto's "Joker"	5
The lego batman movie is fun for the first 15 minutes and then quickly runs out of steam and reuses the same 5 jokes over and over until it's unbearable to watch and completely falls apart in the third act. The Lego batman movie shows none of the creativity that made the lego movie unique. Overall the Lego batman movie was messy start to finish!	1
It was ok. It was funish for both.kids n adults. There were innuendos that kids didn't get, but why when its audience was to kids. A tad redundant but not a total waste of brain cells.	3
This movie was flawless! The comedy was great, the acting was great, the visuals were stunning! I really loved this movie!	4
I thought "The Lego Movie" wore out its welcome, so I was pleasantly surprised by this entry, which is sharper and more consistently laugh-out-loud funny throughout.	4
The over-glorification of Batman in modern era comes full circle with this film. Fortunately it's in the guise of a comedy/parody lego film. Kids will love it.	4
Absolutly hilarious. I love all the references, they really satisfy a nerd like me!	4
Just as good as The Lego Movie, so, if you loved that then you will love this. Funny, touching and with some great character cameos too.	4
Awesome movie.Well job makers...Thank u for showing the different type of Bruc... i mean Batman ;)	4
Rapid-fire humor and hilarious references.	3
Messy, but funny, a bit lengthly, but heartfelt, and overall a decently good watch. Although, but far the greatest part was the exaggerated characters and puns only comic book fans will laugh at.	3
Awful, just.. just... awful.How did this movie get such a high rating? It's terrible, not funny and sucks, even my kids where bored. The Lego movie was way better. I'm sorry Rosario Dawson I love you but if we're ever to be together we have to build our relationship with honesty.	1
The movie was awesome it was everything I wanted to see. I loved all the references they used in this movie, if you've seen all the Batman movies you will understand all the references they used. I thought the opening sequence was pure genius. The characters were great, Will Arnett did an awesome job voicing over Batman again and Zach Galifiankis knocked it outta the park voicing The Joker. I love the relationship between Batman and The Joker. The jokes were hilarious it didn't feel forced it had great comedic timing and the action was amazing. Overall, I had a fun time watching this film from start to finish. It was just as good as the first LEGO movie. I'm glad that the movie was able to stand on it's own. The director Chris McKay did a fantastic job directing this film and understanding of who Batman is and other DC characters. I'm really excited for more LEGO movies. Warner Bros. are heading in the right direction expanding the LEGO universe. Go see it I highly recommend it.	4
Not as funny as I expected it to be. Slow in some parts too. Was overall decently entertaining.	3
SO FUNNYð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???	5
A super funny movie that doesn't slow down. Funny jokes with some nice nods to the history of Batman and other franchises. It looks great and the voice acting is on spot.	4
It was a good movie that had funny moments.	3
Awesome movie. If you're a child it's five stars. If you're an adult it's 4 stars.	4
really good movie if you have younger children or even 9-12 year olds good family movie	4
Not as good as "the lego movie" but still a hilarious ride, hopefully ninjago will be the best	3
Cute, funny, and self-aware.	3
Jam packed with self aware reference, characters from across fiction, and wacky action, this film would already be excellent if it hadn't been perfectly cast.	4
Kinda cute, yet Kinda not.	3
A solid time, very funny to any audience, I think. It can get a little uninteresting at times, but I would still recommend it.	3
So funny!! This is great for all ages!!	5
I was so bored! Didn't find this entertaining in the least, and definently NOT funny, I guess its ok for families and kids, but if I were a kid I dobut i would have liked it much, BORING!!!	1
tons of funfor the family!	3
The lego batman movie is a masterpiece, with its brilliant story, groundbreaking animation that looks like stop-motion, fun characters and laugh out loud scenes, this is a film for everyone!10/10	5
didn't really care for the stories focus, was hoping for more comedy and less drama.	2
Saw it back in February 2017 and though I reviewed it already. I guess not. Lego Batman was an enjoyable,colorful film that could've had a little more clever jokes to it. It's not the best movie ever or anything like that, but it is definitely worth a watch.	3
Witty, fun, and original.	5
Definitely one of the must see family movies of the year	4
Very fun, but frenetic & overwhelming too. The Lego style is beautiful, and Will Arnett's voice is amazing, but I'm suffering some super-hero burnout. Preferred the original Lego Movie story-line where the well known characters were background.	3
awesome movie very hilarious must see	5
Possibly the best Batman movie to ever come out.	4
Ha ha I laughed so much. One of the best portrayals of Batman	4
While not as triumphant as "The Lego Movie", "Lego Batman" is still hilarious, and visually outstanding.	3
Meh. Started strong, but left me wanting g to watch the original Lego movie instead.Michael Cera...he-he!	3
The Lego Batman Movie offers what its predecessor offered, and then some.	4
This movie is very boring. The story and the jokes are predictable. The subtext is didascalic	2
Didn't like the first one! This one was even worse!	2
The best Bat-Man movie ever!!!	5
Clever and funny, not as good as the Lego Movie, but still pretty awesome.	4
Humorous and fun to watch.	4
This one is funny from the jump. Another LEGO gem with a plethora of fan service and enough action and jokes to keep the kids into it.	5
funny little movie.. great for kids and jokes adult would only get. nothing racey, just cun.	5
"The LEGO Batman Movie doesn't have the same creative energy or irreverent spirit that made the first "LEGO Movie" so great but it really succeeds as a hilarious parody of the Batman character himself"Movie Review: The LEGO Batman MovieDate Viewed: February 10 2017Directed By Chris McKayScreenplay By Seth Grahame-Smith, Chris McKenna, Erik Sommers, Jared Stern and John Whittington, Story By Seth Grahame-Smith, Based on Lego Construction Toys and "Batman" characters created by Bob Kane and Bill FingerFeaturing the voices of Will Arnett, Zach Galifianakis, Michael Cera, Rosario Dawson, Ralph Fiennes, Mariah Carey, Hector Elizondo, Jenny Slate, Lauren White, Eddie Izzard, Jemaine Clement, Seth Green, Billy Dee Williams, Riki Lindhome, Conan O'Brien, Zoe Kravitz, Jason Mantzoukas, Kate Micucci, Doug Benson, Matt Villa, Laura Kightlinger, Ellie Kemper, Adam DeVine, Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill.When "The LEGO Movie" came out in 2014, I was excited for it but I didn't expect to make it on my Top 10 movies list that year but I was wrong. Thanks to the people who did "Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs" and "21 & 22 Jump Street", "The LEGO Movie" was a work of pure genius and it became a masterpiece and it was based on a toy brand. "The LEGO Batman Movie" doesn't have the same creative energy or irreverent spirit from the first "LEGO Movie" but it really succeeds as a hilarious parody of the Batman character himself.Even though it is a role that he can do in his sleep, Will Arnett nails it once again as the Lego Batman who is more comedic and fun compared to previous Caped Crusaders. "The LEGO Batman Movie" is the best DC Comics movie right now even though it's not a part of the DC cinematic universe. Instead of making his superhero movies dark and so serious, maybe Zack Snyder should borrow some Lego blocks and make a more fun superhero movie than "Batman v Superman".Speaking of "Batman" films, there are some clever riffs to all the previous movies and the action here is pretty entertaining. "The LEGO Batman Movie" should suit well for comic book and Lego fanboys alike and we finally have a Batman who likes to play around in his mansion and with his toys. Set of course in Gotham City, Batman (voiced by Arnett) continues to fight crime and save the city from his arch-nemesis The Joker (voiced by Zach Galifianakis). When Batman hurts the Joker's feelings by saying that he's not important in his life, he weeps and he plots a revenge plan on the Batman by simply surrendering himself to the Gotham City police.Joker and along with the rest of Batman's villains crash a winter gala which is celebrating the retirement of Commissioner Gordon (voiced by Hector Elizondo) and they just simply surrender themselves to the police in an orderly fashion. This not only puzzles Batman but also to Commissioner Gordon's daughter, Barbara Gordon (voiced by Rosario Dawson) who both suspect that the Joker might be plotting something big. With every single bad guy in Gotham City (except for Harley Quinn) locked up in Arkham Asylum, Batman is free to do whatever he likes which includes eating lobster, watching movies and hanging out in his Batcave. Still believing that the Joker remains a threat to Gotham City, Batman decides to banish him into the Phantom Zone by stealing Superman's (voiced by Channing Tatum) Phantom Zone projector but his loyal butler Alfred Pennyworth (voiced by Ralph Fiennes) wants him and his alter ego Bruce Wayne to stay in the mansion and take charge of Dick Grayson (voiced by Michael Cera), the young orphan he unwillingly adopted during the gala.Batman or Bruce Wayne takes the foster kid in to be his sidekick Robin and they manage to recover the Projector while attending Superman's "Justice League" party and they use it to banish the Joker into the Phantom Zone which is a prison for some of the most dangerously powerful villains in the Lego multiverse which include Lord Voldemort (voiced by Eddie Izzard), King Kong (voiced by Seth Green), Sauron from "Lord of the Rings" (voiced by Jemaine Clement), the Wicked Witch of the West (voiced by Riki Lindhome), the Gremlins, the Kraken and even Agent Smith from "The Matrix".Angry over his arrogance and recklessness, Barbara Gordon locks up both Batman and Robin because she believes the Joker wanted to sucked into the Phantom Zone and her suspicions were right as the Joker and the other trapped villains manage to get out of the Phantom Zone and they cause mayhem and destruction in Gotham City. It is time for Batman and his friends to not only save the day but to also find the real hero he's supposed to be.Like the bats that fly around in the Batcave, the hilarious puns and in-jokes fly all over the place in "The LEGO Batman Movie". With a screamingly funny script from Seth Grahame-Smith, Chris McKenna, Erik Sommers, Jared Stern and John Whittington, "The LEGO Batman Movie" works as a spoof to the entire "Batman" franchise in general with some extra ingredients from "Robot Chicken" and "The Naked Gun". Speaking of "Robot Chicken", the movie was directed by Chris McKay who is a "Robot Chicken" alum himself. McKay lightens this "Batman" movie up with beautiful animation, colorful characters and nifty touches to the Caped Crusader's history.The one thing I didn't like about "The LEGO Batman Movie" is that I thought there were too many villains. I know this is supposed to be a parody of the "Batman" character but this movie has every single bad guy the Caped Crusader has ever faced. They got the Penguin, Mr. Freeze, Poison Ivy, The Riddler (voiced by Conan O'Brien), Scarecrow (voiced by Jason Mantzoukas), Catwoman (voiced by Zoe Kravitz), Killer Croc, Bane and Two-Face (who's voiced by Billy Dee Williams who finally plays him after playing his alter ego Harvey Dent in the 1989 "Batman" movie).Again, it doesn't have the same creative impact or visual wonder from the first "LEGO Movie" which I loved and cared deeply for unlike the Academy Awards but with terrific voice work, colorful animation and dynamic funny humor, "The LEGO Batman Movie" serves as a brilliantly funny lampooning to one of the most popular superheroes of all time.	4
Incredibly hilarious :DDD Batman is the best superhero by far	4
okay for the kid's or grandkids. a real snooze fest for adults.	2
Clever and absolutely hilarious. Enough adult humor to keep you uninterested and the kids will LOVE it :)	5
It wasn't funny or interesting. My two-year-old actually wanted to leave 20 mins in. Waste of money.	2
very funny, very good. Loved all the jokes and quips.	4
Super witty and well-written. More than I expected.	5
Total fun for kids and adults. Joker, Bane and Robin stole the show	5
The movie atarts off terribly self promotive and lacks any sense of a traditional batman movie, making me think it was just going to be another randomly put together witless garbage film meant to entertain children with poorly writen jokes with enough innuendo to keep adult from going insane, but my oh my was i wrong. The charactor developement with the egotistical bat brat was just phenomenal. I would definitely recomend this any parent who want a good movie to watch with their kids.	3
All right, the thrill is gone. I'm over the Lego movies. Maybe I'm just not the target audience. The kids really liked it though. It had some laughs but for me personally, it also had some snores.	2
Sin ser mejor que la primera película de Lego, al menos en concepto, esta nueva entrega de la franquicia es otro ejemplo del buen momento que se está viviendo en el cine de animación.Tecnicamente sigue siendo igual de impresionante. El guión es fantástico: buenos chistes, una historia entretenida, elementos que apelan tanto a niños como a mayores, una mensaje positivo e inspirador tras la peli...Sin embargo para mí tiene un punto tanto positivo como negativo. Se nota, y mucho, que esta cinta se ha hecho con un mimo brutal a lo que es el icono de Batman y el impacto de este en la cultura. Los chistes referenciales son tantos, que algunos son tan oscuros que no sé si muchos niños o padres podrán entenderlos. Hablo de chistes que por ejemplo hacen referencia a la traducción al castellano en paises latinoamericanos (y en España en sus inicios) o por ejemplo al primer serial de los años 40. Quizás sea un poco demasiado... Aunque a un servidor, esto le encanta.Por desgracia me ha faltado un poco de la magia que desprendía la primera cinta. Cierto es que para mí, esta ganó mucho más con el tiempo y siguientes visionados...puede que esta también lo haga.	3
THIS MOVIE IS AMZING!!!!!!!	5
Like the original, I just could get into it and turned it off halfway through..... maybe will try again another time.	2
Funny take on the Dark Knight!	4
This movie is amazing. It fill with joke, messages about families, and stories in life. BUTT MOBILE!	4
I didn't find 'The Lego Movie' as funny or engaging as many others seemed to, but I enjoyed this much more (and not just because of my love of everything Batman).That being said, it was still a good 20 mins too long, and at times exhaustingly frenetic (like 'The Lego Movie'), but brilliantly animated and lots of nods to every other Batman movie, and pop culture references that were clever and funny, not cringeworthy (**cough** Dreamworks **cough**).	4
Sure is nice to know that at least Lego DC Universe films don't suck ??	4
I love the Lego series, absolutely entertaining!	5
The Lego batman movie was one the best batman/DC movies I've ever seen. With jokes ranging from Batman's password being "IronMan sucks" to jokes about the Joker's failed plan in Tim Burton's 1989 hit, Batman. Incredible voice acting by Will Arnett, Zach Galifianakis, and other. The stop motion was smooth and as always incredible. I personally thought that this movie was better than the Lego Movie. This movie was really funny, can't wait for it to come out on digital. Love this movie if you haven't yet seen it, then what the hell are you still doing here? Go see The Lego Batman Movie!!! 4.8/5	4
Capital letters. All important reviews begin with capital letters. If you don't get this joke do yourself a favor and see this amazing film. There's plenty of laughs for everyone!	4
Awesomeness!!! We all loved it!	5
Fast Paced and Very Funny	5
I really enjoyed this movie because it's a really good movie	5
This movie is absolutely Hilariousif you are a big Batman fan this movie is right for you.	4
Really great animated movie, just the references were a bit much. And LOTR?	4
Lego plus Batman =Awesomeness.! All there is to it.	4
98%?? good= very funny ?? with good action parts and story!Bad= Not really any!	5
Love the pop culture references! I'd watch it again.	4
I liked this but I didn't have any real laugh out loud moments. Still a totally awesome parody of Batman tho"B" is my final grade worth checking out	3
The Lego Batman Movie offers bright, creative animation and laughs as its themes tend to overtake its overall enjoyment.	3
The humor is unending and never misses it's mark in this hilarious take on the caped crusader and his love of lobster thermidor.	5
I adore the animation on the lego batman movie. The story is very good and sometimes it can make a very touching moment. The characters are enjoyable from batman to all the little cameos. My favourite is the Riddler and the Joker because to me, there the funniest characters. I would definitely check it out. 9.5/10	5
A "delightful romp!" Frenetic, fast paced. Must see xlnt in 3D. No memorable music as in first Lego. But very entertaining. How will they top alll these villains in future movies? Silly yet funny.	3
Batman's rules! Hahahahahahaha.	4
Boring at times but kind of funny. I have mixed feelings about this movie.	3
who knew Lego movies were so funny	5
This batman movie is way better than all DCEU movies add together.	4
Hilarious, hilarious, hilarious. Did I mention it's hilarious?	5
Boys thought it was funny. I fell asleep but cuz I was tired lol and parts I saw were kinda funny	3
The Lego Movie was a tough act to follow and the Lego Batman movie certainly matched up to its predecessor. Equal parts funny and heartwarming, a great movie for anyone of any age and the second of what I hope to be a great franchise of sorts from warner brothers.	4
Not as good as the Lego Movie.	2
This recent spin-off of the often hilarious "The Lego Movie" is a terrifically mediocre hodgepodge of jokes and episodic, uninteresting action. I found myself bored with the assembly line-constructed script. The action is so overextended you lose interest. The audience might laugh incessantly at the Joker/Batman subplot and the now famous "Dick" joke, but it just proves that the world is becoming one big mass of brainless organisms. We go to the movies to be involved and emotionally satisfied, not to see humor-laden Michael Bay explosions. On a storytelling level, it's similar to Airplane II. It recycles what worked before and coats it with fan service. The only real difference between the two films is that Airplane II is a good movie, The Lego Batman Movie is almost, but not quite a good movie. Visually, The Lego Batman Movie is some sort of eye candy. The landscapes and characters look so tangible. On the less positive side, this is further proof that we've focused less on story and more on how we can appease uneducated idiots. If you must see this movie because your family forced you (or you're a Lego fanatic or DC enthusiast), go in with the lowest of expectations, and you might come out with mildly positive results.	2
Pretty good. Not as good as the Lego movie.	4
Love these Lego movies!	5
I enjoyed watching this along with my children. It had many references I could enjoy too. Fun film.	4
This movie is so stupid and un-funny. The plot is unimaginative. Honestly an episode of Spongebob has more complexity(and would certainly be funnier).	1
Great! I probably enjoyed it more than the kids!!!	5
A cute family movie to see	3
Started strong but was just getting more tiring and worse as the movie continued.	2
not as good as the lego movie. but still great in its own accord	4
Terrible, walked out half way through	1
D.C. has officially pulled themselves out of the mud	5
I LOVE IT CAN'T WAIT TO SEE IT AGAIN	5
What a blast! The Lego Batman Movie was a fun and extremely entertaining ride that everyone can enjoy for different reasons! The voice acting, animation, structure, incredible blend of hilarious jokes and laughs, as well as touchy feely moments make this movie real special! Is it sad to say that I enjoyed this film more than any DC movie that's come out in the last couple years?! I don't care! I will be buying this to add to my collection! This movie was amazing in almost every possible way. There's some nitpicks here and there about pacing and overused jokes, but that's the extent of this movie's cons! Go see this movie! It's fantastic, and is a great animated comedy about the greatest comic book character of all time! There's something in here for little kids, adults, huge fans of the Batman character, pretty much anybody will find a nugget of awesomeness in this movie, know matter who they are! The Lego Batman Movie is a very colorful, beautifully animated, spoof comedy that everyone should see in theaters.	4
Better than anything Snyder can put out...	4
Clever, fun ride the entire time. Absolutely hits the right notes for all audiences.	5
Lego batman offers more than enough laughs and gorgeous visuals to overcome an over reliance on pop culture references.	3
Really good film for kids and batman fans alike. Adults can also get fun out of it too.	4
Bright, silly and non-stop fun from start to finish, The Lego Batman Movie is another home-run in what's turning out to be a surprisingly successful franchise for Warner Bros. I'm sure they'd like to say the same about the other one...	4
My son is a Lego fanatic and said it was one of the best movies he has seen and he is usually a harsh critique of most movies. So it must be good ð???	5
Good family fun, but in NO way is this the best Batman film!Some reviewers really need to take a look at themselves.	3
Oh my god it's awesome with all the references from the older batman movies and tv shows oh god it is totally worth seeing twice	4
Loved it. Nothing more to say	5
kept me and my family laughing the whole movie. watched it twice! loved every minute!	5
Eh. It was ok. Comically in line with other Lego presentations. I dozed off once or twice. My 14 yr son liked it.	3
amazing hilarious awesome movie, non stop action. It is thrilling	5
Better than I thought it would be and very funny	4
Very rarely lightning strikes twice & unfortunately for Lego Films this is no exception, much more disappointing than the Lego Movie 2014.That was a terrific satire of life but this film just truly has no grounding or structure at all. It just wasn't as funny & completely random.Will appeal to younger audiences but really comes off inferior to the 2014 film. Script could have been a lot better, take it or leave it to be honest.	2
Take ibuprofen before you enter the theater.	2
Not as clever and neatly written as the original Lego Movie, but retains the same style of charm, humor and animation that made it great.The drama and emotion portrayed was all overly contrive though, it's just too mechanically written to make ends meet for Batman's character progression. This wouldn't be such a glaring fault if it were not pivotal to the story's plot.I hope this isn't an example of Lego movies to come, there are signs of lazy, formulaic production that squander the creative genius of the original.Without these comparisons Lego Batman is certainly acceptable family entertainment, but where do we draw the line and accept that this franchise is aiming to be good, when it could be great?	3
Although its frenetic pace can be overwhelming at times, The Lego Batman Movie has awesome animation and several laugh-out-loud moments.	4
Amazing sequel to the Lego movie in a different universe.	3
Fresh and exciting, The LEGO Batman Movie takes the caped crusader where he has never gone before. The story follows Bruce Wayne as he struggles with his loneliness and isolation, leading him to adopt an orphan; meanwhile, as Batman, he struggles to remain relevant after the Joker and all of his other nemeses surrender. Featuring the voice talents of Will Arnett, Michael Cera, Rosario Dawson, and Zach Galifianakis, the film has a solid cast. And the animation is especially good, with a lot of creative set and vehicle designs. However, the writing is kind of weak; as at times it can be extremely clever and at other times it couldn't be more cliché and formulaic. Yet despite whatever problems it has, The LEGO Batman Movie is incredibly entertaining and fun.	3
It's funny, but not something I'd have chosen to see without my boyfriend (who follows Batman and explained jokes that some wouldn't see) or children.	3
How do I feel about The Lego Batman Movie? Pissed off. That's how I feel. Pissed off that to get another great Batman movie, we had to wait 5 years and for bloody LEGO of all properties to get their hands on the damn thing.Seriously though Lego Batman is pretty gold. Most of all I would recommend it to Batman fans, because there's a couple of tiny little off-the-cuff references you'll get an extra kick out of, but it'll also work for fans of the original Lego Movie, and for kids too.	3
not an animation for kids	3
Building upon the beauty and magic of the Lego universe, The Lego Batman Movie presents itself as a funny, well thinked, warm-hearted and superbly crafted work of modern animation. It's fair to say that this movie holds a better narrative than most of the other Batman movies out there; packed with references to pop culture as well as to its source of inspiration, it's an instant classic of family oriented movies.	4
This was a great fun movie that the whole family enjoyed.ð???	5
Hilarious, best batman ever. Definitely get laughs from all ages.	5
With a brilliant cast, beautiful stop-motion, and hilarious moments, The Lego Batman Movie is more than just a toy ad.	4
tip of advice for DC is to make all there movie Lego	4
Not the funniest movie and kind of predictable. Kids liked it.	2
So this was more than a little predictable but the homage to all the other Batman shows, and I mean ALL the others, is well worth the viewing. If you are a fan in any way of Batman, this is a version unlike any you have seen. It is funny, sarcastic, reverent, irreverent and above all fun to watch. It is fast paced good for kids, and leaves you with a pretty good message.	3
For what it is, The Lego Batman Movie was a hilarious and fast paced movie. Surprisingly touching on Batman's story of becoming a family again. At moments, the humor could be exhausting, but certainly does keep the audience engaged and having a good laugh.	3
Movie was great, but I didn't like the resolution at the end how gotham just clicked together, but then again, this is a kids movie and the comedy was good.	4
well it has good voicing acting is pretty good but this film goes from to dumb to good	4
pretty good. so far, a decent franchise.	4
The LEGO Batman Movie is one of the BEST films of 2017 yet!!!! The whole story is fabulous, funny, and VERY entertaining and enjoyable to watch!!! Will Arnett, Zach Galifianakis, Michael Cera, Rosario Dawson, and Ralph Fiennes and truly beyond perfect. Director Chris McKay did an unbelievably amazing job in this film. One thing that could have been different to this film was the runtime it could have been a tiny bit shorter, but everything as was beyond extraordinary. I give this movie a 99%	4
How can you not like this movie? It's a wonderful love letter to everything batman and one of the funniest films I've seen in awhile.	4
The LEGO Batman Movie has a similar charm, wit, ageless hilarity, impressively creative animation, and touching message as its innovative older sibling, but to slightly lesser effect. With relentless visuals and more gags, jokes, and references per minute than there are F-bombs in that word's self-titled documentary, this proves to be a fun yet mentally demanding watch. The voice work is great all around and the lessons conveyed are crucial, making this another wonderful addition to the LEGO canon.	4
Pretty dang funny. Worth the time and money.	5
Lots of fun. Lot's of great references. My favourite being the music cue from Superman The Movie when Batman goes to the fortress of solitude.However, overall, I felt the Lego Batman character works better as part of the ensemble in the Lego movie, and not quite holding it all together for the full 90 minutes.	3
Well Lego movie....your brother is just as funny. Lego Batman is one of the funniest movies I think I've seen this year or in a long time. It has a great story, awesome cast, and pretty good Lego animation. Honestly the only negative I could find the entire way through was that Batman kinda talked a little to much. In fact that negative was kind of noticed way to much in this film. Basically Batman would tell a joke and then 3 seconds later tell another joke and then 3 seconds later tell another's joke, etc,etc. But all in all Lego Batman is very well made and a great comedy for kids and parents.I'd give this movie a B+.	4
Fun but nowhere near as charming and "Lego-y" as The Lego Movie.	3
What I find hilarious and somewhat ironic is that a spoof of Batman seems to get Batman more than the DCEU. It's a very adorable and honorable parody of The Caped Crusader's adventures.	4
a good funny movie with the Batman crew and villan s as well well it's funny when the joker and Batman, team up in the end!	3
Just as fun, if not more than The Lego Movie.	5
OK, kind of slow in sections	3
Fun move, and great entertainment for the whole family	5
as a guy not interested in kids movie I thought this one was good. This movie is a lego version of batman. Batman in this is all alone and on the side joker is planning a evil plan to attack batman and prove he's the best villian. I thought this movie was funny. I looked at it as a parody of batman (sort of like spaceballs). I do have a few problems though. it's ending is sloppy. it's like they had to come up with something quick. also some of the jokes contradict each other. There's a a joke about calling the suicide squad but literally maybe a minute later batman says how he hates the suicide squad. I'll give it 4 stars.	4
when i went to see it the whole cinema was filled with kids and i thought i would get tired of the classic stupid jokes that are in this kind of films but when i watched t i realised that most of the jokes were classic batman movies references from the 1966 batma, batman and robin etc and i thought they were hillarious, theyve manage to change the characters into a more childlish way but its still good	4
Hated the first lego movie, this one was surprisingly entertaining.	3
Loved this movie, i found it really funny! great film for all the family!! Have seen it twice now and will probably watch again!!	5
Great characters and comedy, although not as strong as the original "The LEGO Movie", it still manages to entertain kids, teens and adult nerds alike.	3
Classe mais pas aussi bien que le The Movie sorti en 2014 car l'histoire est assez clichee au fin de compte. En tout cas, Batman et Le Joker sont cool.	3
This is a winner for the entire family. Nothing's going to blow your mind. But, it's a whole lot of fun.	4
Great movie, topical references, and family friendly! Would recommend to people of all ages.	4
very good and loved the references	4
I give this a 96/A+.	5
Wait for it to come out on video. Even my three year old nephew didn't like it and he loves everything Batman.	2
Lego Batman is DC Comic's newest film, so the question must be asked... Is it any good? Fortunately for all of us who are fans of the Caped Crusader, I can happily say this is a solid film! Lego Batman is a movie that is very fast paced and filled with tons of energy. It is witty, smart, and above all creative. It does for Batman what Deadpool did for X-Men. It makes fun of past mistakes with the character and with the universe. This style of storytelling made the movie fun and very entertaining. This film also shows us a Batman who does not want to be Bruce Wayne, instead of a Bruce Wayne who does not want to be Batman (Christopher Nolan films). I found this new point of view to be refreshing and interesting. One of the biggest strengths this movie possesses is its sense of humor. It is very funny and had me chuckling quite often. However this brings me to one of my few problems with the film; it never made me laugh uncontrollably. I was hoping for a few comedic moments that would have made me bust a gut laughing, but they never came. Besides that Lego Batman is still loads of fun and I would definitely recommend it for anyone who enjoys super hero flicks!	4
I was hammered when I saw this but I think it was good.	3
Not as good as the first one, but still lots of fun for both adults and kids.	4
ABSOLUTELY HILARIOUS	4
This is the stupidest movie I've seen in a long time. It's exactly what you'd expect a sequel to the Lego Movie directed by one if the writers/directors of Robot Chicken would be. It is really fun but sometimes it gets distracted with a plot I think. The movie runs at 200mph but then slows to a crawl at times.	4
this movie is funny, relatable and sad AND IT'S LEGO	4
great movie although a flawed plot	4
Una entretenida película, pero prefiero mas Una Gran Aventura de Lego, esta película a momentos recurre al chiste cuando su trama se estanca.	4
Great movie, I am looking forward for the DVD release. Honestly I loved this movie more than the Lego movie (and I really loved that one too)	5
Worth watching! Still better than most films DC puts out	3
Just like the Lego Movie, Lego Batman shows kids and families the true meaning of friendship and family.	5
This movie was pure gold and genius! Hilarious one liners.	4
Password 'Ironman stinks' Drop the beat with Ba Ba Ba Ba Batman ?? ??	4
Lego Batman was a highlight of the original Lego Movie, so I can see why they went with a feature length spin-off. Doesn't have the charm of the Lego Movie, but still had a few pretty good laughs.	3
was a very clever movie that appeals to Young and older adults. A lot of references I did not expect to see.	5
Full of comedy, batman jokes, references and heart warming scenes this film will makes kids, adults and batman fans smile	4
Loads of fun! I'd slot it between the Nolan trilogy and Batman: TAS.	3
The Lego Batman Movie, is probably my favorite Lego film ever and very well directed, it didn't really have great voice actors for Batgirl or Joker:(	4
Funny, different. Makes you fall of laughter. Its the kind of movie that is fun as long as there in no sequels.	3
Looking for fun? Want some great Batman nostalgia? This is your movie. The stop-motion like animation, great voices and clever story make it an all-around delightful movie to see!	4
First one was better.	4
A great sequel to a great movie. The Lego Batman Movie is smart, fast, and funny. Will Arnett does a beautiful performance as batman as well.	4
This movie was funny and enjoyable. Another good LEGO franchise movie. I love the technology behind these movies and the creativity involved. Hope they make more. I give it a 4 instead of 5 because I did enjoy the Lego Movie story more than this one.	4
Very funny movie. Very fun to watch	4
I think this is an incredible movie!	5
The Lego Batman Movie is a really funny family movie	5
Best DC movie of the past few years (which is not saying much)The film has so much in it. Every frame gives you so much to look at, and every 5 seconds has a new joke. The humour that relies on popular culture, while funny, is a bit to prominent for a non-batman fan to enjoy the whole film. Even if you're not entertained by the comedy, there is so much to take in visually. Every single shot is beautifully composed; the blocking of the characters and the camera add a visual interest and excitement that is not present in most modern animated films. And the animation is thorough and carefully done, blending the choppy stop motion style (recreated with cgi convincingly) with slick cgi and particle effects. While there is a lot to praise, this is a very shallow movie. It knows that it is, and it's not trying to be a perfect movie, so I will not act like it's one.	3
Terrific fun, I had a blast with this	3
When I started watching the film I didn't expected much, maybe some jokes and curious special effects (having into account the film is made out with LEGO). What I didn't expected was to enjoy the film development and idea, apart from what I mentioned before. The idea of family and union, is indeed too repetitive and a cliche, but the film did a very good job in the development of the conflict and linking it with the main line.Even though the film lacks from a well structured story line and a better development of the characters, I think that the relationship between the characters is not well explained and the problems between them are solved too easily.	3
Not quite as memorable as the original Lego Movie, but still highly entertaining and heartfelt. They understand all of the things that make Batman great, and point out how deeply flawed Bruce Wayne is. The voice casting is spot on, and the cameos are plentiful. Probably the best Batman movie you're going to see for a very long time.	3
This was almost as visually stunning as the first one. There are some Easter eggs for the real batman fans, but the story was a DUD. No where near as strong a message as last time. If they weren't going to make that kind of effort then they should have made a more faithful to the cannon story. They did neither.	2
Story line could have been better	3
There were some cute parts to this movie, but overall I feel like the story line was rather flat and ran long for the plot. It was hard to keep my interest the longer the movie went on.	3
Fun, dumb but smart, entertainment. It's a great film for both young and older movie goers! Also this is the best Batman performance since Dark Knight!	4
Like the movie. Really good.	5
Very fun and enjoyable movie. Bit too much at times but enough laughs for an adult but not too much over-the-top for kids. Both a good Batman movie and Lego Movie.	3
It is amazing what can happen when you both respect the source material and not feel the need to make everything depressing. This is the kind of superhero movie that DC needed after the unnecessary gloom of Man of Steel and Batman v Superman.For long time fans of the Batman universe there are little things in almost every scene going all the way back to the first live action Batman (before the 60's series even). Clearly done with a love of the franchise it ranks as one of the best Batman movies.Of note is that Billy Dee Williams, so many years later, finally gets to play (or at least voice) Two-Face after staring as Harvey Dent back in the 1989 Tim Burton film.	5
Divertida e hilarante, presenta muchos aspectos del Personaje muy bien, el ritmo de la película es bueno aunque a veces abusan de los chistes pero se perdona por ser una película de lego y para niños, en general bien, si la recomiendo.	4
Following in the footsteps of The Lego Movie, this is another stellar effort for Lego. Fun for the whole family, this film was goofy, quirky and irreverent.	3
Best movie in the D.C. Universe so far.	5
A sequel/spinoff that actually manages to deliver as much emotional heft as its predecessor. Will Arnett and Michael Cera shine, and the DCEU should take notes.	4
Loved the moviehad a nice Laugh	4
ok movie if your a 12 year old boy.. my daughters did not like it.	2
Funny, Family friendly movie, great for all ages (Easter eggs)	3
Logan Lucky est un film extrêmement beau. Steven Soderbergh est de retour et rien ne ressemble plus à un film de Soderbergh qu'un film de Soderbergh. Chaque plan est très beau, le montage est d'une précision incroyable, Logan Lucky n'a pas une seconde de trop. Les acteurs sont parfaits (Dwight Yoakam et Seth MacFarlane sont ahurissants), la comédie est réussie, certains rebondissements sont surprenants mais Logan Lucky n'est pas un film parfait. Son script en est la principale cause. Le braquage est si facile que Logan Lucky peut passer un film un peu vain. En effet, tout le soin apporté aux personnages manque à l'intrigue principale et celle-ci passe tellement au second plan qu'on peut se demander le véritable intérêt du film. Celui-ci réside clairement au retour du meilleur réalisateur en activité, mais il aurait mérité mieux.	4
One of the best movie about. STEALING THINGS!	5
Funny and entertaining, Logan Lucky is a lovely heist movie with a great cast and quite a good ending twist. One of the best movies of this year so far, and a welcome return for Soderbergh	4
Great storyline and an all round fascinating film.	5
Not a bad film but missing something. If u like ocean 11 or Italian job ull like it just done in the south environment. #moviepass	3
"It maybe viewed as "Ocean's Fourteen" to some people but "Logan Lucky" is vastly original, it has a lot of energy and spirit and it's damn good to have Steven Soderbergh back"Movie Review: Logan LuckyDate Viewed: September 6 2017Directed By Steven Soderbergh (Sex, Lies and Videotape, Erin Brockovich, Traffic, Ocean's Eleven, Magic Mike, The Limey, Contagion and Side Effects)Written By Rebecca BluntStarring: Channing Tatum, Adam Driver, Daniel Craig, Riley Keough, Katie Holmes, Katherine Waterston, Seth MacFarlane, Farrah Mackenzie, Dwight Yoakam, Jack Quaid, Sebastian Stan, Brian Gleeson, David Denman and Hilary Swank."Logan Lucky" is not your typical heist movie, it centers around two unlucky blue collar brothers who hatch a plan to rob the Charlotte Motor Speedway. Who's better to direct this heist comedy than Steven Soderbergh (Sex, Lies and Videotape, Erin Brockovich, Traffic, Ocean's Eleven, Magic Mike, Contagion, The Limey) who helmed the "Ocean's Trilogy". He came out of retirement to direct this film and plus he also got Bleecker Street to distribute it independently through his own company Fingerprint. Crowd-funding your own film projects maybe the next step for independent filmmakers who want to make the movies they want to make."Logan Lucky" is not a sequel to the superhero saga "Logan" from earlier this year, it is just a really funny heist comedy that has a sharp script by Rebecca Blunt and very good performances from Channing Tatum, Adam Driver and a scene-stealing Daniel Craig. When I tried to find out more about Rebecca Blunt (the screenwriter), there was no information about her on her IMDB page. The big rumor swirling around this movie is that Rebecca Blunt may not even exist. If Blunt didn't write the script. Who did? Was it Steven Soderbergh himself? One of the film stars? Or somebody else?Regardless of the mystery surrounding it's screenwriter, I still had a good time with "Logan Lucky". Set in West Virginia, the film revolves around Jimmy Logan (Tatum), a blue collar laborer who gets laid off from his construction job. Jimmy had a once promising football career but it came crashing down due to a serious leg injury. Because of his leg injury, that's why he was fired. Jimmy can still walk fine but his boss finds that he's not as quick compared to his co-workers. While picking up his daughter, Sadie (Farrah Mackenzie), Jimmy's ex-wife, Bobbie Jo Chapman (Katie Holmes) informs him that she and her new hubby intend to move to Lynchburg which will make it even harder Jimmy to visit his daughter.While hanging out at his brother's bar, Jimmy comes up with a plan to make some good money, by robbing the Charlotte Motor Speedway. His one-armed, Iraq war veteran brother, Clyde (Driver) agrees to his plan but two robbers aren't enough, they need help from their sister, Mellie (Riley Keough) and a convicted safecracker named Joe Bang (Craig) who's currently incarcerated. Clyde has a prosthetic left hand because he lost it while serving in Iraq. Before he got fired from his construction job, Jimmy participated in an excavation project underneath the speedway and he has the insights on how such a robbery can be pulled off. There's a pneumatic tube system underneath the speedway for moving money and Jimmy's goal is to plug the tube system, suck up all the money and walk away free.How are they going to get Joe Bang out of prison? Well, Clyde will get himself arrested and go to jail in the exact same prison where Joe Bang is and come up with an escape plan before the NASCAR Coca-Cola 600 race begins. In addition to Bang, Jimmy and Clyde also recruit Joe's brothers, Sam and Fish Bang (Brian Gleeson and Jack Quaid) who are just as dimwitted as the Three Stooges. All Jimmy wants to do is to execute the perfect heist and not cause any hold-ups or suspicion.After he made "Side Effects" in 2013, Steven Soderbergh announced that he was retiring from filmmaking but he really didn't retire, he just took a four-year hiatus. For the past few years, Soderbergh never lost his filmmaking passion and he became a creative monopoly behind the TV series "The Knick" which he directed, edited, shot and executive produced. Even though it has mainstream storytelling, Soderbergh doesn't make his film too mainstream. "Logan Lucky" is a well-constructed heist movie with a lot of laughs and charming performances. Channing Tatum and Adam Driver are quite believe as blue collar brothers who really need some luck in their life and Daniel Craig is sensationally hilarious here as Joe Bang. Other recognizable names in "Logan Lucky" include Seth MacFarlane as a pretentious British businessman, Hilary Swank as an idealistic but mostly stiff FBI agent, Dwight Yoakam as a prison warden and Katherine Waterston as a former schoolmate of Jimmy who now runs a mobile clinic."Logan Lucky" maybe viewed as "Ocean's Fourteen" to some people but I found this film to be vastly original even though treads through familiar territory. It has a lot of energy and spirit and it's damn good to have Steven Soderbergh back.	4
Steve Soderbergh is back. It's a pretty fun caper story as he has done before. This time it is with hicks and there are some laughs at/with them. It is a notch below Out of Sight and Oceans 11 IMO. It just gets too easy and tidy - particularly with the bit about the prison "riot" - which is part of the heist plan. It has to be the neatest fuzziest prison riot of all time with no one ever in any peril. I'm not even sure what was going on with the Hilary Swank character in the final act there. There are some odd, loose pieces hanging off this movie. But overall it's okay. 6.9 out of 10.	3
Logan Lucky charms, featuring the most likable group of down-on-their-luck criminals since the Cohen Brother's O Brother Where Art Though. The crew is as follows: a recently fired construction worker, a veteran, a recently incarcerated explosions expert, two morally focused brothers and a sister. The crime: To rob the Charlotte Motor Speedway. As far as heist movies go, this film delivers excitement at its blue-collar finest.	4
Ritmo interessante, bem como uma história que capta a atenção. Filme interessantemente e surpreendentemente bom.	4
Hilarious! the best comedy since Hail Caesar!	5
Entertaining enough. But not much more	3
Logan Lucky is the hill country version of 9/11. That's a compliment. Its every bit as smart, funny and unexpected as the original Ocean's 11 movie is. The intertwining of health care into the plot of the movie provides a short but keen commentary on the state of health-care in the USA today, but not so much that it takes away from or distracts from the main story or even the sub stories going on. An excellent film, very cleverly created and superbly acted.	4
Better than you think. Waiting for this powerhouse of writes/directors/actors to fail will keep you waiting. Nice to find an interesting story that does not give it all away from the start. Back to a good ol' somebody took some money and how/where/what??? I felt the acting far exceeded my expectations. A mix of hitting you in the mouth with stereotypes and then breaking them, sprinkle in a good story, interesting visuals and you have a great time. Go now (ok Stream now).	3
Fun movie where Adam Driver steals the show. If you liked Oceans you'll like this!	3
I'll start off by saying that this review periodically draws comparisons with 2001's Ocean's Eleven (and less so its two sequels from 2004 and 2007). Also, there's apparently an Ocean's Eight set to drop sometime next year. Who'da thunk? Anywho. Logan Lucky stars Channing Tatum and Adam Driver, as the brothers Logan, and their ambitious quest to pull off a robbery during a NASCAR race. It also marks a welcome return to form for director Steven Soderbergh-known for his star-studded casts, and airtight heists. Alongside the Logans are-deep breath-Daniel Craig, Katie Holmes, Seth MacFarlane, Hilary Swank, Sebastian Stan and Riley Keough. Star-studded? Check. The film shows its heavy influence from Ocean's Eleven during its late stages (i.e. heist), but it's the build up to its conclusion that sets itself apart, and avoids being a southern backdrop duplicate of its predecessor. Forewarning: If you're in it just for for the final payoff, you may be left just a tad bit disappointed. It spends a lot of time developing each character, and luckily (no pun intended), it never gets too long in the tooth. Like a typical Soderbergh film does, each character plays their part, and has a specific purpose. Not a minute, or person, goes wasted, and you end up with an efficient, concise summer flick. Logan Lucky draws strength from taking its well-known actors and having them play much more imaginative roles. In Ocean's Eleven, it was each character playing an amplified version of their Hollywood personas-whereas Logan Lucky throws typecasting out of the window, as has the most recent James Bond as an eccentric prisoner. How's that for a curveball? Once the film finally wrapped, I didn't imagine that this review would be terribly long, and it won't be. You've got a handful of charming actors, playing equally as lovable roles. While the backdrop / setting may not appeal to everyone, the slightly zany characters do more than enough to hold your attention. I certainly don't expect myself to be raving (like critics do..?) about Logan Lucky in the months to come but regardless, it's a solid, well-rounded film that deserves your consideration.	4
Didn't want to like this but I did.	5
Ocean's 7/11 is right. Or as I like to call it: Soderbergh's Coen Brothers heist film.This was a strange one... enjoyable watch, clever heist, space for character development, and yet it all felt somehow disjointed. It was almost as if Soderbergh spent too much time in TV land and kind of lost the rhythm of movies???? I'm not trying to be insulting, it's just the pacing felt bizarre. A lot of slow / fast revving. Logan's family life (re: the kid) didn't mesh with his heist life for me, even though his motivations were totally justified.That said, well acted, fun, and some heart shoved-in as well. But lacking somewhere for me. Maybe it just wasn't my cup of tea at the end of the day.	3
Weak attempt to capture the magic of Raising Arizona. A miss.	3
Haha.. Yeah good film. Easy watching. Predictable ending	4
A fun entertaining romp with great performances	4
I really liked this movie! A nice rich story, interesting characters, great heist plot, and funny! I had a great time. I feel like Jimmy didn't need to turn to crime with his strategic genius.	5
This is a comedy? It was ok. I didn't even grin once.	2
Yeah. A good movie to watch. It is a bit quirky but I enjoyed that about it. Good Ol Boys version of an Oceans 11. But does well enough on it's own to be worth the watch for sure.	3
The movie was fresh. Beautiful. Great acting. A real treat. A real treat.	5
As awesome a movie as I've seen. Both funny and smart. Great characters and fun story. Just a great time. Go see it!	5
Fun, fast paced hillbilly Ocean's 11. What's not to love?	4
Hilarious film. Relies on subtle humor. Not a film a lot of people talk about. Shame.	4
Freaking hilarious and very quotable. Loved the different side of Craig and Driver. Not as much action or girl power as I'd like but good stuff overall!	4
Loved every second of this film. Totally entertaining and interesting.	5
Great pacing. Likeable characters. Excellent performance from all the cast, particularly Daniel Craig. Had a lot of heart to the story. An all round exceptionally entertaining movie	5
Well-executed, but nothing new and not enough tension	2
So when this movie officially came out, i heard of a lot of critics that it was a masterpiece and stuff. Well, let me tell you that is not true. I'm not sayimg its a bad movie or something like that, i thought it was good...really good actually! It was really funny, great performances, great cinematography and made really well, i also LOVED the soundtrack. The chemistry between Channing Tatum and Adam Wilder in this movie IS OUT OF THIS WORLD, and Daniel Craig is awesome in this movie! And i really enjoyed the two brothers of Daniel Craig in this movie, they are so funny on this movie. My only issues with the movie are that some of the jokes does not land as hard as they want it, it doesn't happen a lot here, and the jokes do all land, but a couple of them just don't land as hard as the other ones. And i thought Seth MacFarlane was a little miscast, i mean he did fine in the movie, but The character could've been played by a lot of other people and they would do a better job. But again, he was okay in the movie.... he is not a big part of it or anything like that. So yeah, i thought this was a GREAT comedy, one of the best this year, maybe even the best! But as a movie it is definetly not a masterpiece as critics are saying.	4
Entertaining but no real conflict	4
This film marks director Steven Soderbergh's return after a 4-year "retirement" from film, which turned out to be more like a hiatus. I am glad of that, he's a great director and it would be sad to lose him. However, I'm not sure that this film is the huge comeback that everyone is making it out to be. It's a better-than-average heist movie, with humor, style, and likable characters. But it's nothing all that remarkable. The story is about a group of people in West Virginia who decide to rob a NASCAR speedway. So, like "Ocean's 11", but if most of the people on the crew were bumbling, incompetent hilljacks. Channing Tatum heads up the crew as the down-on-his-luck everyman with a mischievous streak, who turns to family and former friends to help him out (who are all totally game, for reasons that are never clearly explained). The acting is solid all around, especially a nearly unrecognizable Daniel Craig, who is like you've never seen him before. But it's Tatum that keeps the film grounded, he delivers a charismatic, sympathetic, and believable performance as a guy just trying to keep his head above water. The heist itself is pretty far-fetched, and there are plot holes big enough to drive a truck through... but as long as you don't think about it too much, it's easy to just sit back and enjoy. I anticipate that the biggest problem that people will have with this movie is the predictable portrayal of many of the characters as idiot country bumpkins, unable to find their way out of a cardboard box. You can see it coming a mile away, and man, I'm just so over that cliché. Thankfully, not all the characters succumb to these stereotypes, despite their southern/redneck accents (and speaking of, how it is that everyone in this movie is from the same town, but they all speak in different variations of the 'southern' accent? It's details like this that really bother me). The film is overlong by about 20 minutes and really drags by the end, but it's a satisfying story that's told in a dynamic way, filled with fun characters and a good many laughs (the 2-minute long 'Game of Thrones' gag was worth the price of admission for me). It's not the best heist flick I've ever seen, but still pretty good.	3
this would be worth seeing again someday.	4
Logan Lucky is as good as mediocre. The first half of the movie is really slow paced and some (like my friend) felt it was pretty boring. The second half was good. Only because heist movies like that are Soderberghs strengths. (Oceans Movies). In that half he really got you questioning how they could pull off that heist without really stealing money... that was a really cool twist. And what also helped the movie a lot, where the unique characters Soderbergh decided to put into this movie, they really kept the movie especially in the first half, entertaining. Most of all I liked Channing Tatums, Daniel Craigs and Riley Keoughs performances. Particularly Daniel Craigs never before done performance in such a unique character.All in all it´s a mediocre movie...	2
Funny caper movie with good acting and scenes. Purposely a bit exaggerated, but it works.	4
As Soderbergh does, Logan Lucky is another well put together, well casted and fun heist film. It may leave you wishing for just something more, and may feel a bit too long, but that's all great stuff.	4
Slickly directed by Steven Soderbergh from a supersmart script by first-time screenwriter Rebecca Blunt who could be Soderbergh's nom de guerre, this let's-rob-a-racetrack heist comedy is combustible fun ignited by a host of comic turns from a blazing cast.	4
Great cast, and hilarious.	4
If you want a light heist film where you don't need to think too much, this is the film for you. Fun characters, well paced story, good fun.	4
A slow-paced but enjoyable watch	4
Soderbergh's out of retirement film is at times funny, quirky and charming. It's for sure a worth while romp but it suffers from being a bit too bloated and overly long for such a simple heist tale.	3
A good old boys Ocean 11! Want sequel.	5
Great film, the great escape meets Oceans Eleven, with a bit of humor.	5
Love a good caper movie - sorry, guys - this wasn't it! Not only were the dialogue and plot lines boring, but the cast members each seemed to be throwing out their own disparate "white trash" accents, even though some of the characters were actually related to each other. A disappointment, to be sure!	2
One of the best movies I?ve seen this year.	5
Agree with other reviewer that this was worse than toe nail fungus. Waste of money.	1
good flick and how it was shot was very ocean's 11.	4
Cauliflower. Soderbergh's return strives for an idiosyncratic (and seemingly contradictory) middle ground between modest and cool. What shines through is a love for characters and their offbeat mannerisms. The director and actors show an observant eye for the way people communicate to one another. Craig, Keough, Driver, and Tatum are all great (in that preferred order). In the end, it's a hyper-intelligent satire of the heist film, which Sodes has proven he's best in the business at.	4
My Ten word movie review verdict: Well it's so Soderbergh, much ado about nothing...ish. Average.	2
Slow and methodical. I felt underwhelmed by it. Great acting performances but could have waited to watch this on Netflix when options were limited. Easy viewing, just don't get you hopes up.	3
Not sure what I was expecting, but this wasn't it. I was pleasantly surprised and thoroughly enjoyed this entire movie!	5
This movie is so bad it's good. I liked it, but I think I'm one of 4 that went to see it.	4
I thought it was going to be like oceans 11...or at least funny. it was neither.	2
Meh, just, meh. I didn't finish watching it which is rare for me. One star is for the actors who do a decent job despite the OTT accents.	1
Very good, funny, and a bit unique heist movie. Great cast and Soderbergh at his best.	3
Oceans 11 with a NASCAR twist.......Very funny movie! We laughed all the way through it!	5
Pretty good, but felt a little too much like being force-fed "Ocean's 11" formula.	3
Go see it. Funny, clever, entertaining, great cast.	5
Director, Steven, should have made it much more gripping. There were a few moments where you feel bored. The final 30min run is good.	3
stong story and a fun film. Daniel Craig stole the movie	3
Logan LuckyA North Carolina family plan to steal big money from a NASCAR racetrack. Simply put, director Steven Soderbergh returns with a country bumpkin version of Ocean's Eleven...and it doesn't disappoint. Grade: B+Big Al says see #LoganLucky in the theatre.	4
Great character development with an interesting plot. Initially I thought the acting was bad, but after about 10 minutes I got into it and enjoyed the ride.	5
Not as funny as I expected from previews I saw but entertaining enough. The heist was complicated. I'm still not sure how it all happened. Lots of jumping back and forth from scene to scene. Nobody except my husband and I and another lady were in the theater for today's matinee. I'm awarding one star from each of us.	3
Stupid movie, barely funny and actually quite boring. I letf after the first 30 minutes...	1
"Oceans 7/11" is a fun comedy with a very clever heist story.	5
Watchable and remotely entertaining, but when compared to genre front runners such as the "Oceans" series, "Logan Lucky" doesn't hold up.	3
So, after a long time I watched a heist film, the last time I watched one was Tower Heist and It was bad, for me Ocean's series have set a bar for me, so I was judging the movie on that scale and I must tell you it's great, But you need you keep one thing in mind that this is not an artistic masterpiece.The things I liked about this movie was the country setup as for me it was a new thing and they were sort of trying to bring up a poor state(no offense) in lime light, second thing was acting by Daniel Craig and Riley Keough, honestly I haven't head Daniel Craig with an so deep American accent and he pulls it of great but sometimes it feels as if its makeup, about Riley Keough I didn't except she could do such genre of acting and she did an exceptional job. Channing Tatum and Adam Driver were exceptional too, as they can pull off everything, so no comment on them. The other thing great about this movie was editing and "character balance" everyone was given equal time depending upon their roles.Rest would be nit-picking about this movie but well here it is Cinematography was exceptional but it fell short when character oriented, the science didn't suit well to this movie and I didn't understood how Hilary Swank's character played out.Bottom Line would be that it's a good movie and you can store it in the cabinet but it's not that of a master piece.	4
An ill-conceived heist. So this is about a construction worker by the name of Jimmy Logan (Channing Tatum). When he loses his job he talks his brother (Adam Driver) into pulling off a major heist during a NASCAR race, but in order for it to work, they're going to have to assemble a crew. Now this had a more than solid run on the festival circuit, and I heard the right critics saying the right things about it. But when people see a movie in that positive of an environment, it has the tendency to give the audience what I like to call "festival blinders". Nevertheless, when recently making our way through the local paper for a movie that appealed to my wife, my father and I, we came across this one, and I think we made the right choice. Now this is from Steven Soderbergh, and last I heard, he retired in 2013 after directing the HBO biopic about Liberace, Behind the Candelabra, so you could say that this inspired him to come out of retirement. Now Soderbergh is usually about 50% for me; for every movie of his that I love (Haywire, Side Effects, the dancing scenes in Magic Mike), there's one that I don't care for (Contagion, The Informant!, The Girlfriend Experience). At the start of this, I was concerned that this was going to be one of his works that didn't connect with me. All of my worries were put aside when Daniel Craig as Joe Bang hits the scene, and he really manages to inject a lot of energy and personality into this. It's a heist movie to be sure, and it is a story that just takes a step back and dares to ask the question, "what if all of the charming cast of Ocean's Eleven were a bunch of rednecks with varying levels of intelligence?" It may sound outlandish in concept, but the end result ends up making it all come together with flair. There is a pleasure in watching this in the same way that it is always entertaining to see a plan come together. I have a soft spot for stories about criminals that fail at crime (see: Snatch), and this is most certainly that; at every single turn of this, you are all but certain that things are going to go horribly wrong at a moment's notice, and it helps to really keep the tension going. I really like Logan Lucky, but I don't think that it is perfect. I feel like it runs on the long side, and after you reach the climax, there is about twenty-five minutes left over; you think that the end credits are about to run and then Hilary Swank shows up for the first time. I would say that this movie both starts and finishes on the wrong foot, but the whole middle makes this worthwhile.	3
What a fun thing. Adam Driver, you just win. All I can say is "Cauliflower."	4
Delightful and exciting with a lot of heart. One of the best films this year!	5
This movie is a romp. Is especially refreshing to see Jeremy Renner in a new persona with a southern accent and not a serious military/government operative.Very enjoyable.	4
Surprisingly good & quirky. Very entertaining!	4
I loved this movie, it was smart, it kept me interested in the whole process, it had a lot of actors that I really enjoy. It was fun that the NASCAR drivers had parts, and I certainly recommend this movie.	5
Steven Soderbergh is back and Better than ever.The moment i saw this trailer i had to go watch this movie and it was worth it. One of the best things about this film is the amazing cast of fake red necks. Even though Driver and Tatum provided strong performances my personal favourite role was Daniel Craig as Joe Bang. He stole almost every scene he was in. I never thought i would see James Bond as a redneck criminal . The cinematography in this film was a peasent suprise as you wouldn't really expect much but it thoughout it 2was really well done. The editing was good as the cinematography. The directing and writing were very good. Many scenes had me rolling with laughter. I think the only issue with this movie is that I went on for maybe 20 mins too long.	4
I'm guessing the casting directors were drinking something that had quite a bit of moonshine and Bacardi 151 when they picked Channing Tatum for the role. As much as I love the dude, no living creature, Barney included, can tell me that Tatum is the best pick for a country heist role.	2
Great story, great dialig, great characters, D.Craig stunned me in this role...who knew?! Go see it and have a blast.	4
Logan Lucky was ok but not as funny as I see the previews act like it was	3
Oceans 20. But I found it far more entertaining. I wasn't distracted by a superstar's cockiness.	4
what a fun movie! I enjoyed it much more than I expected I would. (not a fan of Nascar racing...and not a fan of heist movies, so my expectations were low).	3
This is a very funny movie. All characters have a play in the plot and there are laugh out loud moments. Daniel Craig and Channing Tatum are very funny. The first 10 mins is probably not brilliant, but get past it and you won't regret it.	5
It had it's funny moments and good actors but definitely in the genre of stupid humor!	3
Enjoyed this - had some difficulty with the dialogue sometimes - rather mumbled delivery - but Daniel Craig was brilliant -	4
A wild ride that's both slick and fun.P.S. I want Soderbergh and Craig to return to make a Joe Bang spin-off!	4
Logan Lucky is a proof that Steven Soderbergh hasn't lost his touch. The movie is exactly what he want it to be: fun, smart and entertaining. It's not a serious movie with political message or some pseudo-philosophy bullshit. Highly recommended!	4
Stylish movie with great performances, particularly from Daniel Craig and Adam Driver and some genuine humor help the film be a fun ride but it's fault comes from the lack of motivation and urgency with the central plot.	3
Tiresome and unfunny.	2
It's like a redneck version of Ocean's Eleven, with a slower paced. There were a few good plot twists at the end. More of a rental.	3
So fun, great cast, underrated. Go see it!	5
Very well made movie! Loved it. Hope v2 wont destroy it	4
Great caper story, great film!	4
Surprisingly good. Probably will be forgotten but gain a cult following in the future.	3
Oceans 11 template + West Virginia = Logan Lucky	2
Could have been good, but was just stupid	2
Referred to as Oceans 7-11 by someone in the movie, this hick heist film is pretty much that. A bunch of dumb but good hearted criminals pull off a heist requiring amazing cunning and planning that improbably works perfectly! That's pretty much it. There is no real conflict, no real pursuit. Hilary Swank appears for about 10 minutes as an equally oddball FBI agent half heartedly hunting the thieves. Daniel Craig is far too over the top, while Adam Driver and Channing Tatum are charming enough as the brothers at the heart of the film. The plain fact is, if this wasn't a Steven Soderbergh film, it wouldn't have caused much of a ripple or attracted the big name cast. Supposedly written by a British lady with zero credits to her name, this reeks of Soderbergh himself in the whimsical tone and convoluted plot. However while it's fine, there is little genuine drama or peril and the characters are more caricatures than recognisable people	3
Logan Lucky, the newest from Steven Soderbergh of the Ocean's trilogy, tries incredibly hard to not be Ocean's 11. Instead of flashy suits and waxed hair, the heroes here wear camo pants and trucker hats. Instead of sending a world-class gymnast through a casino vault, they send a bag of gummy bears under a NASCAR speedway. Instead of light jazz constantly in the background, Logan Lucky mostly keeps the music quiet, occasionally injecting a little bit of blues rock. Ocean's 11 reveled in the excesses of the 1%, while Logan Lucky spends its time in the "forgotten" America. But the most important difference is that the Ocean's movies, as disposable as they may well be, moved, whereas Logan Lucky is a weirdly muted, low-energy affair. It certainly doesn't pander to the audience, but given that it doesn't really succeed as a drama either, a raceway heist movie should certainly be more entertaining than this.For a movie that at one points gives a ten-year old a spray tan, Logan Lucky is rife with weird tonal mismatches. Channing Tatum, Adam Driver, and Riley Keough all underplay as the titular cursed Logan family, seemingly to avoid rural simpleton stereotypes, but the film also introduces the ne'er do-well Bang brothers who lean heavily into the exact same tropes, including a pretty painful (and, at the end of the day, pointless) conversation about computer skills. The third Bang brother, played by Daniel Craig, certainly gets the best scenes in the movie, but most of those are on display in the trailer. Meanwhile, Hilary Swank shows up after a while with a tone that crosses well into self-parody, and Seth MacFarlane was shockingly allowed on set and even more shockingly allowed to put on a ridiculous British accent. In the astonishly oddly paced leadup to the speedway robbery, we spend some time with MacFarlane and a driver played by Sebastian Stan who calls food "software", all of which adds up to precisely nothing and contributes precisely zero to the mood, comedy, or energy of the film.This is a film in search of itself at every step, as it has all the ingredients in play to actually be a good bit of fun. As a comedy, it has a couple good scenes (the aforementioned gummy bears pay off well, and a Game of Thrones-related negotiation is a deadpan work of art), but swings and misses obviously far too often. As a heist, it leaves open too many plot holes by its end, which would be forgivable if it was more fun along the way. As an ode to rural America as told through heisting, Hell or High Water explored the same ground to much greater effect last year. As a portrait of a particular family at a particular time, it betrays its chance to make a point in its last five minutes in a really feeble attempt to give the audience something to cheer for. Logan Lucky just sits there, playing itself out without really caring if we're with it or not.Hell, at least Joe Bang is one hell of a character name.	2
Super slow moving and boring	2
This movie was such a mind thrower and original take on an overly used subject!	5
This movie is just alright. It's not bad but definitely not great. It had some moments, however it was not very captivating. The "twists" were somewhat predictable and the comedy fell flat. At the end, it felt like "meh" and I feel my time would have been better spent on another film.	2
Underwhelming, to say the least.	2
Solid heist movie, great characters. Doesn't hold up against Soderberg's other movies though.	2
I loved this movie. I saw it twice and laughed harder the second time than the first. Just a great frolic with actors I enjoy.	5
It's difficult to find much fault in Logan Lucky when it's so undeniably fun to experience. Soderbergh gently pokes fun at Southern culture - the pre-teen beauty pageants, the gossipy old women, the NASCAR craze and the barroom brawls - without ever coming across as mean-spirited, and he successfully blends his tried-and-true heist film blueprint with the world of pickup trucks and John Denver songs, resulting in one of the funniest and most purely enjoyable films of the year.	4
A plot with a cross between Talladega Nights - The Legend of Ricky Bobby & Ocean's Thirteen but with acting from Dumb and Dumber. It just doesn't quite work...	2
Boss film to end them!!	4
Adam Driver and Channing Tattum are stupid southern brothers who plan a bank heist at a Nascar race. Steven Soderberg directs this ridiculous slog of jokes for 10 year olds. the accents are so over the top and ridiculous on these actors--maybe it could have worked on no-name actors, but A-list celebrities it just comes off as southern caricatures. the writing is insipid: at one point the sister tricks the baby-mama's new rich husband into saying "I like stick. I like stick." ha an innuendo! the caliber joke a high 13 y/o might throw away. Such an infuriatingly stupid movie that I tried to leave about 30 minutes in to see the new version of steven king's It. But it was too full so i went back to Lucky Logan and hadn't missed a goddam thing.	1
Evenly paced, fun heist movie. Don't go in expecting much and you'll have a great time.	4
Decent summer movie for guys. My son & I enjoyed it. Had some funny parts for sure. Cast was good. I give it about a 72%.	3
Fun movie. Too slow in parts. Good rental. Not worth $10	3
Awesome movie. Chock-full of Southern charm and quirks, this is an intelligent heist film that moves at a breezy pace and features plenty of subtly great humor, a slew of interesting characters, Soderbergh's stylish and energetic direction, and great performances from its cast, especially Tatum, Craig and MacFarlane.	5
Better movie than I was expecting. Entertaining and worth the watch.	4
Slightly pointless but enjoyable. Not even close to Ocean's Eleven. Loved the redneck American humour and seeing Daniel Craig in a different role.	3
LIKE THE END AND WAS TOLD IN A DIFFRENT PERPECTIVE	3
Soderbergh returns with an entertaining and self aware joyride, that unfortunately does get repetitive and lacks the wit of his previous film. That being said, it's a nice spin on the heist genre and is worth a watch	3
Slow going, slow building. Enjoyed it at the end.	3
An unlikely and unlikely looking bulked up Daniel Craig leads this oddball hyst caper with much aplomb and everyone else is up for it a well.It is an easy to like and enjoyable film with no pretensions.	4
An enjoyable return to the big screen for director Steven Soderbergh, Logan Lucky is a pleasing film sure to be enjoyed by moviegoers. The film gives a new take on the classic heist movie, as instead of a couple well-worded men in suits, we have a few couple good ole' boys from small town West Virginia masterminding the theft. With soft story lines about split family relationships and the good-natured blue collar worker working in the background to provide overall themes to the movie, Logan Lucky is not a movie that goes heavy into the watchers head, but will flow through with solid comedy and amusing characters. Channing Tatum, Adam Driver, and Daniel Craig give lively performances outside of their normal go-to characters, that add to the witty feel of the movie. Overall, it feels like one of Soderbergh's Ocean films, but given a down home, Southern-fried remix, in a good way.	4
Once you get over and accept Daniel Craig's horrible southern accent, sit back and enjoy the ride. If the Coen brothers had made Oceans 11, 12, 13 etc it would look a lot like Logan Lucky.	4
If The Coen Brothers made an Oceans film centered in Appalachia, you would have something akin to Logan Lucky.Quirky, lighthearted and fun.	4
Not my type of movie, but story is interesting	3
I liked it a lot, funny but serious take on the heist flick.	4
Thank the cinema gods Steven Soderbergh is back, delivering a smooth, slick, and slightly scruffy heist movie that's delicious entertainment. The dialogue sings, the ensemble is note-perfect and everything ticks along like clockwork. The characters are so well-crafted and well-played that you truly enjoy spending time with all of them. Who knew Daniel Craig could be so utterly hilarious?	4
It was ok, but felt a little pointless. Basically just cotton candy.	3
Gun, action well done. Good movie. Entertaining. I liked it. KISS!	3
Entertaining heist film. But, Rotten Tomatoes rating of 92% is way to high. It is not that good. It is a B, B-. So, don't have great expectations, and you will probably enjoy the movie.	3
Very predictable movie. See the trailer and you have seen the movie. Terrible stupid acting.	1
As they said it themselves at the end, Logan Lucky is "Ocean's seven eleven," a perfect one too. The entire movie is outrageous yet carefully crafted and extremely entertaining. Director Steven Soderbergh had the perfect story in mind and was able to get the perfect cast to make it. Daniel Craig shows his range here. Channing Tatum and Adam Driver made the perfect complementary brothers. They even managed to keep the audience guessing and threw in a little twist at the end. Logan Lucky is a win for everyone who wants to be entertained.	3
El Oceans Eleven Comico...	3
What amounts to a cleverly devised hillbilly rehash of Oceans Eleven, is actually quite good. Surprisingly well acted, and character development and humanity that goes a step above the Oceans series. Daniel Craig is surprising in his roll as the jailbird accessory, and is so good he comes off as the most hillbilly of them all.	4
A fun-filled Oceans Ellevenesque film, that doesn't take itself too seriously. Tatum holds his own as the main character in a movie loaded with talent, including; Daniel Craig, Adam Driver, and a cameo from Hilary Swank. Tatum proves that he has the chops to be more than a hunk, and definitely surprises with his ability to carry a film that has a thin plot. The film has just enough plot twists to keep the audience on their toes, and combines that with excellent acting to make it an intriguing film. However, with a weak plot and an unoriginal concept, it falls short of being memorable.	3
I'm not sure if I like it... or if I don't like it. It was paced differently and had moments that I found quirky and funny... but I felt like I was "waiting" for something...	2
Subtle humor, hilarious characters, well acted, surprises at the end! Loved this movie!	4
For a film about a heist at a Nascar race track, it lacks a certain amount of energy. It's a nice tale with interesting characters with good performances from Channing Tatum, Adam Driver and especially Daniel Craig who seems to revel in his opportunity to provide a comedic performance as explosives expert Joe Bang.Similarly to the Ocean's trilogy (also directed by Steven Soderbergh) the plot is a convoluted one and it doesn't always pay off, for example, I think the film could have done without the appearance of Seth McFarlane who appears to be doing the oddest English accent ever committed to film, why he's pretending to be English is anyone's guess.I did have fun whilst watching the film and I did find that the funniest part was a conversation involving Game of Thrones.Logan Lucky is not a classic but it a film with heart and well worth seeing.	3
It was okay. I just kept thinking redneck ocean's 11.	3
What a stinker! Biggest disappointment since Tower Heist. The movie and acting was so bad on many different levels.	1
Soderbergh proves he's the current master of heist films, even as he attempts to juggle a few too many moving parts. The ensemble is great, especially Daniel Craig and some fun cameos better left unspoiled. I think Soderbergh's main aim is to entertain, but the setting and characters should inspire post-Trump political think pieces all the same.	3
This was a quite a funny movie. Watch it.	4
Charming and entertaining American South version of Ocean's Eleven, if a little slack pacing wise	3
A great heist film memorable quirky characters, awesome soundtrack and shots full of that Soderbergh's magic.	5
Not quite as funny or interesting as I anticipated, but Logan Lucky is still an okay watch.	3
A lamer hick version of Ocean's 11	3
Fun caper movie by Soderbergh. Cast and plot are very good. Great behind the scenes info at the end. Solid caper movie like the Oceans franchise, but with hillbillies.	4
Humour filled popcorn movie with very few faults. Go see it for a fun, light hearted comedy-heist movie that still is able to pull a few heart strings and connect the audience and main cast.Daniel Craig is the standout actor in all of this, he is almost unrecognisable in the role of Joe Bang with a Southern American accent that is spot on. Adam Driver provides yet another solid performance as a one armed war veteran bartender. A little more of his character would have been desired however. Channing Tatum is the lead throughout the majority of the movie and while his part lays the foundation for a very complex plot, he manages to deliver a successfully emotional story surrounded by comedy.Overall Logan Lucky is a 4.5/5 from me. The only flaws are its inclusion of Seth McFarlanes character who really only annoyed the hell out of me and Hillary Swanks FBI agent by the end. The movie should have ended 20 minutes sooner and cut Swanks character.	4
Just awful! If you're thinking that this is like any of the "Oceans" movies, think again. It has a few funny scenes - most of which you've seen in the trailer - but overall it's really dumb and poorly done.	2
It was a fun silly story ...	3
I love this movie! I'd give it 5 stars but it was a little slow in the beginning. otherwise it was fantastic, I love me some Daniel Craig boy I'll tell you & and Channing Tatum ??? He's not once disappointed me! Yes, even Jupiter ascending I loved him in it.	4
This was okay. A bit of humor. I am glad we saw it with gifted coupon. Not sure I'd want to pay money to see it.	3
I want more Tatum and Driver team up films ....	4
This movie just didn't work. It's hard to watch Magic Mike (I've never seen that movie), Kylo Ren (Darth Vadar's grandson) and James Bond try their best to make you believe they are really a bunch of hillbillies pulling off a heist. It never gels. One odd thing is there is no opening credits or Title at all. The movie just starts and I think that is a mistake. There is a fairly decent twist in the movie and some of it is fairly funny with some good "Ocean's 11" type of tension, but I definitely don't recommend it. The ratings I see here in RT must have been paid critics and there as no way it deserves this rating. I doubt it lasts the weekend as there were only 18 people in the entire theater on opening night. I'm not even sure I would recommend it for RedBox.	1
Good concept but movie was slow	3
With such a high rating, I expected so much more. I couldn't recommend this movie at all.	2
hillbilly white trash version of oceans eleven. things do not go as you think they will, and it has some great twists and turns along the way. great movie, great acting, and a fun time. go see this film!	4
definitely and overhyped movie. nothing like the Oceans until the last 30 minutes. the build up and plot are so boring which is about 3/4 of the movie.	2
Steven Soderbergh's latest movie, "Logan Lucky," is a quirky yet charming and fun ride. I think the heist element of the movie is goofy and mostly played for laughs but it definitely works. The over the top yet authentic sounding southern accents make everything very unique and entertaining. All of the performances are good across the board, and everyone had a fair share of great moments. Despite a good majority of the jokes landing in a subtle way, the movie has some segments that drag. This is most evident in the movie's final act where I started to just wait for it to end. It goes from being smart and funny to pretty uninvolving near the end. I still would say it is a fun and unique take on the heist genre that is a good amount of fun. There are better heist movies out there, but this one stands out due to its original setting and characters. 	3
Not a bad rental or movie to watch on HBO. Just didn't get to rolling fully. Once the heist starts, it's better but in the end just an ok movie.	3
Slooooooow roller. Needs to lose at least 30 mins. Fell asleep. Ugh	1
This movie will leave you wanting more. Channing Tatum is a A list actor!	5
The best way to describe it is a hillbilly Ocean's Eleven.	3
Best movie of the year. Clean and unbelievably funny	5
Because you never realised how much you needed a redneck heist movie in your life.	4
A pretty slow starting movie with a forgettable plot, a lot of set up for a pretty quick heist	1
This was a genuinely good movie, smart, funny, highly recommend.	4
It was a real fun ride. It lasted 2 hours and I didn't even notice the time flying by. I rated this movie 5 stars.	5
Contrary to announced plans to quit making movies, director Steven Soderbergh is still here and producing one intelligent entertainment after another.This is his first attempt to cut studios out entirely and get by on own means.The man's had enough of Ocean's" after completing the trilogy but he likes an idea of a heist story. Logan Lucky" is a working class version of this, which means less glamor and more people wearing blue jeans and eating at diners.As expected form Soderbergh project, there's a bunch of pretty cool faces doing their thang.Among others, we have Channing Tatum, Adam Driver, Katie Holmes, Daniel Craig (yes, the 007 himself), Dwight Yoakam, Seth MacFarlane, Jack Quaid, and Hilary Swank.Soderbergh and the team are still very good at putting movies together, everything in technical sense is competent. The result is too laid-back to become very gripping but it is certainly well oiled and tuned machine of a heist movie worth your time if you care about the subgenre.And there's enough little humorous details to smirk about, if you happen to notice them. Just like Soderbergh prefers it.I still think it could've been shorter than 119 minutes, especially because some important plot parts are explained quickly rather than shown anyway. Also, there's no big amount of suspense or character development to justify this kind of duration.But maybe it's just me, dreaming of a perfect world where so many movies don't have to last two hours, so I have more time for other stuff too!PS The ony screenwriting credit goes to Rebecca Blunt who is suspected to be a pseudonym. Would be nice to know who's behind it. Maybe it's like Roderick Jaynes for Coen movies. It wouldn't be the only nod to Coens in Logan Lucky".	3
Good humor, heart, and a heck of a lot of fun. Logan Lucky is the comedy of the year.	4
I did not expect to like this movie very much; I just needed to get out of hte house. Instead I laughed out loud many, many times during the viewing. I have recommended this to many people. It's a funny, twisty, well-acted movie-enjoy it!	3
Weird pacing, not engaging, not really funny except for a few parts. I thought about leaving but stuck it out. Happy when it ended.	2
It's Soderbergh's devotion to the cast and the visuals that really sets Logan Lucky apart. An adrenaline fueled last-hurrah for the summer blockbuster season.	4
Wonderfully deplorable!	4
Logan Lucky - Review (2017)The GoodDaniel Craig Gives His Best Performance In Years since Skyfall which was in 2012The Superb Ensemble Cast Channing Tatum and Adam Driver are fantastic and Daniel Craig steals every scene he is in, but also Riley Keough, Katie Holmes, Katherine Waterston, Dwight Yoakam, Sebastian Stan and Hilary Swank bring plenty of flavour to the tabThe Tone Is PerfectIt's Got An Incredible Game Of Thrones Joke (one of the Best Parts of the Movie)Steven Soderbergh Continues To Prove His Master coming out of Retirement to give us another great movieIt's Surprisingly Affecting with Channing Tatum's character daughter played by Farrah Mackenzie who was fantastic.The BadSeth MacFarlane Is Totally Miscast - This movie has a fantastic cast, but Seth McFarlane feels like he's in a different movie he's definitely unrecognisable, but he doesn't do anything in the movie, other than get beat up.The Third Act Drags A Little - after the sorta heist it goes into this investigation with Hilary Swank who's great, but it just gets boring a little.The Heist Is Undeniably Contrived - There are a couple of beats central to the heist that rely far too much on dumb luck, and while the overall sequence is undeniably a blast to watch, it is undermined slightly by how much one's disbelief must be suspended.Again, though, it's a caper and doesn't need to be totally realistic, but a few overly convenient moments do upset the balance a little too much.Overall: If you love Heist Films or a huge fan of Steven Soderbergh work from the Ocean Movies or Magic Mike you will love this more that should of gotten more attention.Overall Grade: B+	4
Acting was good but they did not have much to work with in the way or writing. It seemed like the actors had to work hard to make Nothing happen. Great actors and I like the idea of the story but every time I expected something exciting to happen, nothing happened.	3
WOW!!! entertaining.... dialogue.... music.... plot.... characters.... all at the same time	5
It was enjoyable at some parts and had some laughs in it.	3
Funny! Very entertaining!	4
Even better than the Ocean's gang!	4
Disappointing. Perhaps too many Hollywood edits, or Coen Brothers aspirations on what was basically a great, original plot. The movie dragged with way too many uninteresting storylines and shallow characters.	1
Just really fun time. A great heist movie and it tries to be nothing more. Great performances from everyone.	4
The redneck Oceans Eleven. Daniel Craig is a surprise as an American convict. More than any other role, this one made me see Channing Tatum as a leading man I knew I would love this movie when Adam Driver speaks the line, "Did you say cauliflower to me?"	4
Steven Soderbergh's return to the director's chair brings us Logan Lucky, a breezy retreading of Soderbergh's Ocean's Eleven, complete with southern blue-collar criminals, instead of Vegas con artists. Two brothers, constantly screwed over by life, decide to put a crack team together and rob Charlotte Motor Speedway, right under the feet of thousands of fans, security, and racers. Logan succeeds at its primary function - to be entertaining with slick editing, good performances, and plenty of wit to boot. But it lacks the pulse, energy, and the well-oiled machine that drove Ocean's Eleven and Thirteen over the finish line. Channing Tatum and Adam Driver prove they can play off-beat leading men, and deliver a one-liner. Riley Keough kicks a lot of ass and burns a lot of rubber, as does Daniel Craig as a backwoods chemist with a wild streak and who specializes in explosives. Logan Lucky is notable for the earnest respect it has for West Virginia, and it does so without pandering. Which makes the result a bit tragic - this movie found no audience. Let's be honest. The target audience passed on it, probably thinking it was too off-beat or boring, and cinephiles avoided it, because eww rednecks. It's a bit more glaring considering how this movie teases sequels that aren't happening. Never count your chickens before they hatch.	3
Long drawn out snooze fest.	1
While I enjoyed the fun or merriment of this movie, I am surprised that it received such very glowing reviews by some of the "top critics." I read through a few reviews from certain demanding critics, and I thought that perhaps my friend and I were missing out in terms of understanding some sort of genius at work. But, no, we are still pondering their logic, their praise, their lengthy analysis of a movie which seemed to us to be mostly a fun heist movie, at best.	3
This movie got so close, at so many times but just couldn't nail it down for good. I really enjoyed seeing the West Virginia side of things, it was new, not often portrayed, and I think the film really capitalized on that fact. All the actors had fun here, but none of them got to have a real bust out moment, which felt like a broken promise (especially Craig). Soderbergh's classic style comes in waves at some moments but as trickles in others, overall, the movie feels either like a warm-up for him or a light graze over something that needed a little more attention. Good film!- but didn't fulfill it's potential.	3
Logan Lucky is well-made with good acting, some jokes, interesting characters, and an interesting take on how to pull off a heist; it just fails to be very memorable. Director Steven Soderbergh has a lot of experience with making heist movies, having been the director for Ocean's Eleven, Twelve, and Thirteen, and it shows. The way the heist is presented to us in the movie at first does not give us many details of how things happened, keeping us intrigued enough to figure out what really went down. When we are actually shown how everything worked out, all the loose ends, although a bit confusingly, forcing us to put some pieces together, are double knotted and tied up tight. Channing Tatum and Adam Driver had good chemistry on screen, their brotherhood was believable. Tatum did a nice job stepping up not just as an older brother but as a father too, giving a commendable performance while leading the heist. His father-daughter relationship with Farrah Mackenzie was heartfelt; Tatum did a good job at conveying that his daughter came first to his character and Mackenzie did a great job at being his daughter, both curious and mature. Adam Driver was effective at delivering a few lines humorously and was great at playing someone we felt sympathy for. Riley Keough turns in an impressive performance as the sister of the Logans, not just being the more responsible of the three but her character also breaks a stereotype, being more knowledgeable about and better at driving cars than a car dealer. Hilary Swank and Katherine Waterston, although in minor roles, put their own personal touch on the movie. I like Seth McFarlane and think that he is funny and great at doing all sorts of impressions and voices, but in this movie, his character falls a bit flat, less funny and more annoying. That may be the point, however, as he is the closest thing to a bad guy in the movie. Saving the most memorable performance for last, if you haven't heard, Daniel Craig goes crazy in his role as Joe Bang. Completely breaking his type cast, Craig was unpredictable, comical, and unhinged. No wonder the movie said introducing Daniel Craig as we see him in a way we have never seen before. Logan Lucky is a quality film, from a technical, acting, cinematography, and writing standpoint, but it just fails to be memorable. There are maybe two or three scenes throughout the movie that stand out, scenes I truly liked, and that's it. There were no high stakes to a supposedly high stakes heist, no laugh out loud scenes, just a few scenes that warrant chuckles, and outside of a couple touching moments between Tatum and his daughter, there aren't many scenes that actually make you feel anything. So, while I appreciate the John Denver themed soundtrack, Daniel Craig going wild, and the explosive potential this movie had, Logan Lucky will more than likely fall under the category of movies I saw once and never watch again...unless it ends up on Netflix.	3
Logan Lucky was a great movie and very funny I liked it.	4
If you like a slow moving plot and a thick southern accent, this is your movie	2
Expert craftsmanship in all aspects of the construction of this movie, great acting and casting, a fun plot, and a great theme. It brings back the concept of the "heroic bandit" with aplomb, grace, and style.	4
Crap acting. And a very loose story. Could have been much better.Hilary Swanks character was so laughably bad it was cringe worth.	1
Just pure fun and humor	4
YEAHHHH not that good. i dont get the hype. its... okkkaayyy. its like OCEANS 11 minus logic and charm. MEH	1
Sluggish, clunky and borderline pointless. Not sure where the high rates has come from, it?s certainly not Hillary Swanks acting. Ultimately the heist didn?t make much sense and I had more questions than I came in with.	1
This is the last time I will rely on Rotten Tomatoes for any reviews! 93%, Really? Just awful	2
If you enjoyed Ocean's Eleven you should enjoy this movie. I would say it's Ocean's Eleven with a southern twist. I thought it was funny and of course there was a clever heist involved. Nothing new if you've seen Ocean's but very entertaining.	4
Daniel Craig gave me a cubby.	5
3.5 out of 5. It was good.	3
it was boring. they made the characters seem too smart.	3
Logan Lucky will give you some good laughs and a entertaining time but will leave you wanting more. Steven Soderbergh's return gives us film that was directed fantastically with great performances from Channing Tatum, Daniel Craig, and Adam Driver but you never get too deep. You never get hit with any emotion but you can definitely enjoy this film just don't expect to get blown away.	3
Wow that was great. Just check it out. It's a fun heist.	4
Great MOvie! It was fun, humorous, suspenseful and a blast to see these roses played out by classic actors. Perfectly cast! Just a great and fun movie. Go see it!!!	5
I got Logan Lucky and Baby Driver mixed up from the trailers (both are about eccentric characters committing crimes involving cars, with a groovy soundtrack, directed by slick, stylish directors).I just saw Logan Lucky and am happy to say it is 100,000x better than the mindless nonsense that was Baby Driver. I laughed (Game of Thrones scene), I cried (pageant scene), and I was in incredible suspense (all of Act II).Go see Logan Lucky if you love 'Murica.	5
Interesting characters, and humorous dialog. But it lacks a major conflict. Everything just seems to fall neatly into place. Even when the plan seems to fail everyone just accepts the outcome and go about their lifes.	2
just dumb, poorly written with no thought at all	1
Just a bit... too... BORING!!!!!!!!!!!! Absolutely terrible! The casting directors wasted INCREDIBLE actors like Channing Tatum & Daniel Craig, on this really bad, um, movie.Ages:0-9 - Not interested.10-15 - Maybe, just maybe... If that's the stuff your into...16-20 - The little bits of comedy might help with a partially satisfying movie.20-45 - An okay movie, maybe.45+ - Not interested.	1
There were times when the movie dragged on a bit and was slow, but overall it's a pretty good film and it was funny. The ending was interesting as well.	3
No blood, no boobs, no f-bombs. What's left in a film about an Ocean's 7-11-style robbery? A whole lot of character-driven fun. Daniel Craig stands out as Southern twang-chewing explosives artist, but the entire hillbilly ensemble including Hillary Swank, as the husky-voiced copper and Adam Driver, as the one-armed veteran slash bartender/robber are a hoot. Channing Tatum adds some heart as the straight man. There is a great deal more to it then the trailer lets on: a bear, other brothers, and an impromptu chemistry lesson in the middle of a heist. I haven't enjoyed a film this much since the American Hustle.	4
Logan Lucky is one of the best films of 2017, and for good reason. It's truly unique, with A+ performances that are quirky and funny (and from unexpected actors). It also has big heart, with a great story and unforgettable characters. This is a definite Blu-Ray purchase, especially for fans of NASCAR or just comedies in general. (4.5/5)	4
Liked it. Didn't love it.	3
OK. Tends to drag in places. Good cast. Story was just alright.	3
this is a funny film with some action	4
You can give this one a miss, I give it a Meh-Plus. Plus because it takes place in an unusual setting (in the sticks, with glamour shots of Charlotte Motor Speedway), and some casting against-type. Meh because... so what? This is a heist film that also happens to be funny. Driver is probably the best, but Craig and MacFarlane are better in almost everything else they've done. The best comedies produce characters that, while they are parodies, become iconic in their own right. That doesn't happen here, which is disappointing given the talent involved.	2
I thought this was a hot mess. Overdrawn characters pulling off a counterintuitive brilliant success -- sure. Never been a fan of the formula that has to explain all the secrets of the caper at the end of the film.	2
Very different and refreshing. Likeable characters and good story line.	4
170903: The most challenging film to review of the four I saw this date. I waited on a friend's opinion to see what he thought because often he picks up on aspects I don't quite understand. His reply "Redneck Oceans 11". I was expecting more from him but perhaps there is no more. I couldn't get into the characters or story. I had hoped the Nascar angle would appeal to me but it played only a small part on scene. Perhaps people familiar with Charlotte may appreciate the locale but it was generally lost on me. Perhaps people familiar with the southern lifestyle may appreciate this film more but it was generally lost on this big Canadian Nascar fan boy. Just couldn't find an appreciation.	2
The red neck side of this movie is a refreshing renewal of the heist gender. Great actor performance. Love the way the movie can take a pause in the most tense moments. fantastic director work.	4
Funny, quirky, great	5
Its a fun heist movie with intriguing characters with implausible but neat little twists, you can tell this was from the director of the Oceans trilogy. Even though I recognized many of the actors here they quickly vanished as the film went on, hell if I didn't know beforehand that Daniel Craig was in this I might not have known that was him starring here. Perhaps the film isn't quite as funny as it wants to be and perhaps its ending goes on too long but this was overall a fine watch, doesn't reach the levels achieved from the Oceans 11 remake but is certainly a rather fascinating watch.	4
Beginning and ending was pretty good, especially between the daughter and father, but the rest was okay, not great. Adam Driver & Daniel Craig's roles were the overall best performances.	3
2/5 StarsThe movie felt like a series of one liners and sketches, but didn't really hold together as a movie. It is advertised as being from the people who brought the Ocean's 11 Trilogy, but it doesn't have the same lightness and fun that those had. It even tries to to the Ocean's 11 "reveal" at the end showing how everything happened, but even that fell flat. It also just felt way too long.	2
Fairly good movie but definitely different than most of Tatum's movies. Had a weird feel to it and never had a real strong climax to it.	3
Hill Billy Ocean's 11. Bond was great tho.	3
This film sneaks up on you, starts out with just enough character development for you to buy in, adds a little red-neck humour and charm, and then, "BANG", it turns into a cool and intelligent heist movie. Subtly done, Mr. Soderbergh! The best film of its' kind since Inside Man.	4
Not as good as baby driver. More "heady". Although the fight scene was amazing. I kinda lost focus towards the end cuz i was hungry	4
Learned a lot of neat tricks in this movie......we were laughing through the whole thing. 'Nuf said, right?	3
Steven Soderbergh returns from retirement with Logan Lucky, a good old fashioned heist film with some southern hospitality.	3
Funny. another great heist movie.	4
Great actors in terrible, unconvincing roles. I truly wanted to like this movie, but it was painfully bad. I need at least a hint of believability in a heist movie, but it wasn't there. They didn't even get the accent right (except for Tatum). Unfortunate waste of time and money. I honestly left the theater wondering how Hollywood can put out such a terrible movie considering the wealth of talent they had available to them in this instance. Boooo.	1
The character development is great. Any faults that exist cannot overwhelm the fun that it exudes.	3
Logan Lucky is amiably entertaining and thoroughly enjoyable. Infused with the Soderbergh style this film charms and delights if not being a great film itself. Two brothers, down on their luck, plan a heist on Charlotte Motor Speedway. Their intricate plan involves an incarcerated explosives expert and despite their shortcomings they somehow manage to gel as a team. It's a great cast of character and the action moves along nicely. Humour is good if a little hackneyed at times. The film probably overstays it welcome slightly but overall it makes for an enjoyable experience.	3
Steven Soderbergh is in fine form in this funny heist film, with great work from the ensemble cast.	4
8 out of 10:The plot is flawed and it's kind of misleading, but Logan Lucky is still entertaining, well acted, and at times funny.	4
Just to see the power house performance by Daniel Craig (I see the nominations now), this movie is worth it. A definite must see from Soderbergh.	4
Good lighthearted crime/comedy. The leaders of the 'caper' are a lot smarter than they seem to be at the beginning. And, Daniel Craig is a far cry from James Bond in this one...really enjoyed it and helps escape the heat...	3
A good heist movie. Entertaining and sincere.	4
Calm down critics it was an ok movie not 92% worthy!!	3
A 2 hour movie that would be better if it were 90 minutes instead. I liked the plot, the acting and the creativity but if was very slow. Better editing would have made it a 5-star.	3
Nice action! Quite inventive! Realistic! Semi predictable. Quality acting!	2
Bit of rubbish really. Mildly amusing at best, boring mostly. Very predictable throughout. All a bit childish	1
Soderbergh creates a clever and familiar film while crafting a quiet, subtle and well thought out story. At times the story is slow and the humor dry but its approach is fresh and a delight when you view the finished product.	4
Honestly I thought this was really clever	5
Lots of fun and quirky dialogue.	4
sodoberg does a good job always I thought they were pushing the white trash losers headed to jail to much but it was funny	4
Loved it. Daniel Craig was hilarious and stayed true to character, much my surprise!	5
If you liked Oceans 11 this is right up your alley.	3
Somewhat dull and unsure of the tone it's after. It kind of hits the minimum standard you expect based on the talent involved, but goes no further.	3
Good not great. A fun summer movie, it just didn't seem to have the same level of twists and turns as The Ocean's movies. At the end when the "twists" are revealed it feels like they cut some important scenes that would have made the reveals more important.	3
great story very good acting	4
Soderbergh returns to the crime heist genre. It plays out like a light hearted Hell or High Water. The cast is all superb as the red kneck simpletons. Loads of twists and turns and the heist itself is fast paced and full of tension.	4
They had the foundation of a great movie here. Great cast, great characters, fun plot. It was just missing that extra bit of fun factor. It's set up to be the 'Hillbilly Oceans 11', the writing just falls a little short.	2
Not bad but a bit boring	3
Truly the most boring movie I've ever seen. So many great actors and such a rubbish movie.	1
Logan Lucky, although fun, has much lacking from it that makes me want to give it anything higher than a 7/10. It has a plot that I found to be pretty good, but what really failed on my part, was much depth. It tended to under preform on any substance with the characters. Throughout the heist, I did not feel nearly as scared as I think that I should have. Other than that, this movie is very entertaining. It has good wit, and shows that Soderbergh has still got it.	3
Where are these good reviews coming from? It's not funny but long and boring	1
Horrible red neck accents the entire movie. I almost walked out. Not funny at all.	1
A near perfect blend of comedy, good character, good acting and great heist but can sometimes be just a bit too confusing but it is a minor complaint for what is one of this year's best movies!	4
Boring, slow, awkward acting. Not worth the time.	1
Even though I don't really laugh at it I still quite enjoyed the dry humour and zesty characters in this film. All with their little quirks and slightly different ways of pulling off their straight-faced lines of humour. Couldn't of made Keough's character any more smoking hot than they did but I feel it was more for show than her acting potential since I feel she could have had. Other than that it didn't really have to much to prove and liked to stay on the down-low.	3
Logan Lucky is fun filled with stupid humor and an entertaining direction that is brought to you by the director that did Ocean's 11 films. Steven Soderbergh directing another film after his so called retirement in the industry does bring a good welcome back to his heist comedy film. It is like Ocean's 11 meets The Dukes of Hazards in a way. What worked about the film is it has plenty of stupid fun filled humor. It may not have jokes being thrown out in every scene. But more of oddball characters making idiot decisions or more inside joke humor. The setting takes place in the West Virginia, were every acting talent takes the advantage with southern accents. And some stupid redneck type of humor. That is what made the film worked so well is the characters are entertaining. Jimmy Logan (Channing Tatum) a construction worker that gets laid off for liability reasons is forced to rob a speedway race event in order for him to have enough money to afford a lawyer. He is in a custody battle about trying to make the best for his daughter, while his ex Bobbie (Katie Holmes) living a high class privilege lifestyle and having their daughter walk in a beauty pageant. Then, there is Clyde (Adam Driver) who is Jimmy's brother, and lost his hand in war. His ego is shut down without his hand. He aids in helping his brother rob the speedway. Which they would enlist an explosive expert convict Joe Bang (Daniel Craig) who has five months left in prison. But the brothers want to break him out for a short time to complete the heist and bring him back in. The plot is fun. If you have seen any of the Ocean's 11 films you may get a feel for how the movie is. Where every scene that plays out with characters doing a specific action in order to put this heist in motion. Then in the end, every thing is tied together with a twist. Soderbergh does well with his storytelling in making heists films which is what he is strong at in filmmaking. The characters are all fun oddballs. Channing Tatum was great. Adam Driver was good. Daniel Craig was an interesting one, playing a convict with bleached hair and an indifferent accent. Riley Keough playing the Logan's sister, who seems the most reasonable intelligent character. Katie Holmes playing the high class lifestyle character. Katherine Waterston has a small appearance which is fun to see. Seth MacFarlane as the arrogant businessman is fun. And Sebastian Stan playing one of the race car drivers and his "clean freak" of eating healthy and comparing his body to an operating system is funny. The one minor thing that did not work with the film is I feel like the pace slowed down in the final act. When we have detective Sarah (Hilary Swank) trying to solve the robbery. And the exposition with every character after their heist. Overall, Logan Lucky is a really good heist comedy film that is a lot of fun with the odd characters. The cast ensemble was great. The humor was stupid and fun. Steven Soderbergh's direction was kinetic and fun for a heist movie. Every scene was entertaining and smooth moving with the characters. It does slow down in the final act for everything to catch up with the exposition. Nevertheless, it was fun entertainment. I rate the film 4.5 out of 5 stars.	4
That's now two movies this year with Logan in their title that have made their way into my top films of the year. Of course, it's entirely a coincidence, but perhaps Logan truly is lucky... Okay, a poor joke sure, but Logan Lucky is definitely one of the best films of the year. It has the Soderbergh personality mixed with the humor of a Coen Brother's film. That's a winning formula.It also helps that Soderbergh tends to get the absolute best out of his actors. Think about Jennifer Lopez in Out of Sight (which I just recently watched), I don't think she's ever been better in a film. The same could be said for some of the actors in Logan Lucky. Channing Tatum plays a recently jobless father who puts together a plan to rob the Charlotte Motor Speedway with his siblings and a few hardened criminals. Tatum's performance is mostly reserved, but the few moments of real emotion are powerful enough to give the film a poignant undertone.Seems strange in a film where Soderbergh makes law enforcement look like untrained animals to have poignant moments, but that's certainly the case here. Sure, I joke about the way he portrays law enforcement, but I actually found the entire town to be more than entertaining. Soderbergh establishes the setting of West Virginia seamlessly here and makes it known just how tightly knit to each other these people are. All of these things make Logan Lucky quite the thrill ride.Let's talk about that script though. Written by "Rebecca Blunt", which is clearly a pseudonym for Soderbergh's wife, the script is perfectly timed out with action beats and comedy flares that it could rival Ocean's Eleven as Soderbergh's most entertaining film to date. Yep, you heard me.Rounding out the cast is Daniel Craig, Adam Driver, Riley Keough, Katie Holmes, Seth MacFarlane, Katherine Waterson, Sebastian Stan, and Hilary Swank. You best believe that each of them give a memorable turn as their respected characters. As a whole, Logan Lucky delivers laughs, cheers, and even a few heartfelt moments, all while making one of the most entertaining heist adventures of the last few years.9.1/10	4
A heartfelt moment in a rowdy down home heist? I need to capture that Country Roads performance to share with my son....he freaked over the Alien Trailer using the same...	4
Starts off slightly charming turns into an annoying bland robbery movie whose characters become more and more lame and less and less interesting.	2
Despite the slow pace,the great cast and stylish presentation overcome allflaws.	4
decent story line. Expected at least a few lines of humor in it. But humor was replaced by a slow, drawn out plot. one if those movies you regret you paid to see at a theatre	1
Good movie. Cast is excellent. Daniel Craig does a great job outside his Bond persona. Fun movie, want to see it again.	5
Intelligent humor is such a rare find. Excellent work, thoroughly enjoyable. Daniel Craig steals every scene in which he's in with a truly unlikely and different performance. If Judi Dench won an Oscar for Shakespeare In Love and Marisa Tormei for My Cousin Vinny, Mr Craig needs to get his tuxedo ready.	4
good movie. saw it due to the famous actor, but there was a hot babe in the film. I didn't understand the plot at first until the end.	5
Despite some uneven pacing, the movie remains clever and entertaining, thanks to strong performances from an excellent ensemble and skillfull direction by Soderbergh.	3
Plot was unbelievable not much entertainment value.	2
not a lot good but some enjoyable scenes	3
I truly enjoyed this movie mainly because it was based upon a true story. I don't think that the regular prison population should see this one. No need in giving them any more ideas on how to escape.	5
Well done. I enjoyed the ride.	5
Southern hillbilly version of Oceans 11 (Or any of the trilogy) unfortunately it lacks that same fun element that the oceans movies have. The cast seems lacking as well. The general speed of the movie is too slow for my liking. It has it's moments but overall I highly prefer the directors previous work.	2
Think Oceans Eleven with rednecks instead of high tech sophisticated criminals. I really enjoyed it although out wasn't the goofy comedy I thought it would be. Still there were plenty of laughs.	3
I entirely liked that! more specifically, i loved Daniel Craig despite the fact there were fewer chances to see him	4
this is one of those movies that wasn't supposed to be good and with exceptional acting it became damn entertaining	4
Like a Hillbillies Oceans Eleven, well done, great cast, really enjoyed the way the story was told.	4
While never being a huge fan of Soderbergh films, I did enjoy Ocean's Eleven and went into Logan Lucky expecting a 'redneck' heist film along the same line of quality. Unfortunately, this one missed the mark.Logan started off relatively strong with Tatum's character and painting the picture of a character who cared deeply for his daughter despite being separated from her mother and later losing his job due to potential liability issues. While the stage is set for the ensuing heist, it's where the film really loses it's way as none of the characters are particularly engaging or humorous in any way. From the trailers I was expecting more of a comedy but aside from Daniel Craig's 'Joe Bang' character, there are few attempts at laughs unless you consider the ridiculous Seth McFarlane doing his best Australian? impersonation as the owner of an energy drink company.Soderbergh does his best in the way of editing and providing flashbacks of what really happened while we watched the heist take place, when all is said and done, it only to serves to tie up what was a pretty mundane set of circumstances and execution.	2
Logan Lucky (2017) is an enjoyable blend of crime drama and comedy; there's just not enough bite or wit to really succeed at either. Starting with positives; the direction and acting is first class throughout. The film's even pacing allows characterful performances from Craig, Driver and Tatum to spearhead the film, which works to its benefit. The film holds your attention as intriguing mix of blockbuster and experimental filmmaking. All scenes are captivating to watch with few dull moments. Its complex plot is challenging to juggle alongside balancing genres. It's a valiant, expertly-made effort that unfortunately doesn't absorb audiences enough. I'm struggling to identify whether the writing is at fault or whether it's simply too much to juggle - a statement which in itself sums up my dissatisfaction. It captures interest in the story and the colourful characters within it, though I didn't find myself as emotionally invested as I really wanted to be. Logan Lucky (2017) left me underwhelmed. I may have missed the point somewhere along the way. I'm against the majority on this one, but I don't mind that.	3
Forgettable. Bad accents. Felt like a slightly better directed, calmer version of something that could have starred John Cena or Jason Statham, but with less shooting and car chases.	3
Amazing cast and hilarious moments!	4
The worst movie I have seen this year. Looking at my watch through the entire movie. Save yourself don't see this movie.	1
What on earth is all the fuss about?? This was SLOW and very dull. I'm bemused by the great reviews. I haven't been so bored by a film for quite some time. AVOID.	1
Logan Lucky is a high-octane and completely satisfying comeback film for Steven Soderbergh, assembled by a smart script with plenty of wit, very engaging yet wild characters, and topped off with unique performances by Channing Tatum, Adam Driver, and Daniel Craig to name a few and results in one of Soderbergh's best since Contagion!	3
Action packed throughout the movie. Actors played opposite roles of their usual parts.	4
Watched this with my mom, great original story! No spoilers here!!!	5
It's a solid movie. Funny at times and silly at others, but never boring. Not my favorite genre but it's worth a watch. Hilary Swank stinks in this movie though. They should've left her part out in my opinion.	4
totally worth seeing	4
tiresome and disappointing.	1
While not a successor to Ocean's 11,12, or 13, Steven Soderbergh does not shy away from the material that put him on the map. While one may think that this may recycle the narrative, Soderbergh manages to harness a certain charm from this re-imagination in the form of his lead actors.	3
There were so many out of character people in this film, it was great! Bond as a convict...Tatum as a redneck, hilarious.	4
Funny and Entertaining - Just a great time at the Movies!	4
Terrible just terrible.	1
Good fun, - easy film to watch, does not try to rush the story, just runs at a gentle pace, - great acting particularly Adam Driver who appears to have the rare skill of portraying a character well without saying much. Daniel Craig is great fun and I could see why he walked away from being Bond his acting life, clearly able to do much more. Felt at times like it was trying a bit too hard to be a Cohen brothers film hence held back from more than 4 stars.	4
The critics are way off again. Are occasionally clever quips and mildly amusing hijinks sprinkled over two hours watching stupid characters you don't care about worth two hours of your time and your money?	1
B+The story offers little in the way of originality, but it's the characters and unconventional mode of storytelling that makes Logan Lucky a unique and often hilarious heist film.	4
Entertaining as hell. Humor. Fake accents. Hillbillies. Awesome. A fantastic heist movie.	4
If you've seen the preview, you've seen all the funny parts of this movie!	3
Another movie where Hollywood and Brits can virtue signal how much they loath the South and Southerners. Yeah, beat that dead horse you idiots.	3
I love these types of movies. Capers with comedy. It was a little slow getting there but the gettin was good. Love the WV connection, makes it seem authentic. Also tells you what happens when you give hillbillies too much free time to think.	4
Can't believe I hadn't really heard anything about this. So funny, and what a cast! Well worth catching in the theaters.	5
While it lacks the sleekness and style of Sodergberg's Ocean's Eleven, it more than makes up with it with heart and hilarity, and it manages to be just as wonderfully idiotic yet brilliant as its colorful crew.	4
A great change of pace from the summer sequel loving "blockbusters". Funny and entertaining. Loved Daniel Craig's character in this movie!	5
Super slow burn, especially compared to the trailer. Totally worth it in the end, but it's no Oceans in terms of comedy and excitement.	3
well written and very clever...interesting mix of talent.	3
Nice oceans 11 reboot. Lots of fun.	4
Though clearly reminiscent of Soderbergh's Oceans Trilogy, Logan Lucky could be copied from lesser movies. The heist comedy is heartfelt, warming, thrilling, and hilarious all in one.	4
This was funny, smart, and expertly well directed. Supporting movies like this, especially with how it was distributed is only good for the movie business!	4
I thought it was some what funny but not laughing out of my seat funny	1
It's a movie you don't want to be critical about. Just sit back and watch this joyride beginning to end, with great performances every minute.	5
Logan Lucky is a terrific film and a fitting return for director Steven Soderbergh. Despite the occasional wobbly pacing and structure towards the end and the odd missed opportunity with some potentially great characters, there really is little to fault here. Quick-witted and hilarious script, directed with style by a seasoned professional returning to fine form and performed to perfection by an incredible roster of actors who are on top of their game. We truly are lucky to have a film like Logan Lucky.	4
wasnt sure what to expect pleasantly suprised. enjoyable...	4
I liked the quirkiness of it all.	4
A total bust. Overly long and boring. The movie spends way to much time getting to the payoff and when it finally does you just don't care.	1
A bit boring and characters were 2 dimensional	2
3.5* Looking for a light summer movie? "Logan Lucky" is the one. An Ocean's 11 with hillbillies, the caper is clever and satisfying. Note to producers: A southerner, I did not find the "dumb hillbilly" behavior, especially of smart characters ,very funny.	3
Quirky, simple, Southern Fried heist movie. It could have easily gone the way of car chases and shoot outs but chose to focus on simple men coming up with a workable heist plan. It's simplicity made this movie work.	4
I'll try to make this brief. There's already plenty of reviews for Soderbergh's "out of retirement" film and quite frankly I don't feel it's worth in-depth scrutiny.Suffice to say, this tame crime-caper involving the theft of piles of cash underneath Charlotte Motor Speedway involves quite a lot of easy coincidences, and not much thinking on the audience's part. It tugs at heart-strings like a candidate at the RNC. What it doesn't do is go any deeper than a puddle.Once again, I am left questioning why a film is getting such rave reviews on sites such as Rotten Tomatoes, et al. Soderbergh has done MUCH better than this, as far as something along the lines of a crime-styled film. "The Underneath," "The Limey," even the disappointing "Side Effects" had far more style, substance, and emotion than this bone-dry dull comic effort.The director spends too much time showing random shots of child pageant preparations, tracks being covered, in-joke conversations, a prison "riot" created as distraction, and assorted odd bits (nail-polish painted roaches, for example) than he does the actual crime, which becomes an afterthought.I've read a lot about Craig's performance as Joe Bang, a "safecracker" expert. Well first off, he's badly miscast (as is that terrible blonde-haircut) and I've yet to understand why his character needed busting out of jail (temporarily) as was why the lead man needed his brother to go inside...for all he actually did, Bang could have written what was needed on a napkin. The script-writers also seem to think Charlotte is just over the line from West Virginia; Bang and older brother Logan were only supposed to be gone for hours, not several days.I've read reviews claiming this film is a laugh-riot. Not even close, people and my sense of humor is quite sharp; the few chuckles coaxed from me would fly right over most movie-goers' heads. When I first learned of this film, it didn't sound very clever or interesting. My intuition was correct; ignore the crazy reviews, this one's a clunker. I went to an early show middle-of-the-week; in the past there were still quite a few people in the audience at the theater I've been attending, but I was very much alone. Seems this film isn't attracting an audience, and I've no idea who this was geared for. It's not a comedy at all...it's not thrilling...it's not suspenseful...it's not dramatic by any stretch. If not for Dwight Yoakam as a stubborn Prison Warden there wouldn't be anyone here worth recalling for their presence. Not even the charm of a little girl singing "Take Me Home, Country Road" saves this one; a clichéd "Little Miss Sunshine" scene that was as expected as rain at a picnic probably wouldn't save much of anything, anyway.	2
Intelligent humor, awesome cast, well paced, it's a shame most people will never know about this movie.	5
Great to have Soderbergh back doing what he does best! A terrific, original comedic robbery capper. Very confusing at time but the entire cast is so fun and likable, I didn't many parts didn't make sense.	4
Though this heist comedy isn't all that deep and isn't as strong as Steven Soderbergh's previous directorial effort Behind the Candelabra it is still on the whole an entertaining film that moves along at a perfect pace thanks to solid writing and a great cast. It also looks great, has a good score/soundtrack, the plot despite not being all that original nonetheless makes for a fun time and I had a smile on my face from beginning to end. Perfect escapist entertainment albeit not anything other than that.	4
I loved Adam Driver in this movie, and it is well acted with some great quirky scenes. There are also some plot leaps and a bit of deus ex machina, so temper your expectations. Lighthearted fun.	3
Liked the perspective on life in the south. Sorry to say it is not every movie that gets a culture and can describe it well without undue exaggeration or condescension. Thanks for an entertaining 2 hours.	4
Amazing!!!! So very clever!!! Brilliantly acted and great story. You actually find yourself loving hillbillies!	4
another relatively dull derivitive caper film-"Oceans 11 southern lite" Soderberg seems to have lost all his former talent 4 original film making-sad but probably pays the bills	2
Do not believe the hype on RT. Almost fell asleep during this film. Not much fun, and not exciting.	2
Simple folk with a simple plan, but too good hearted and moral to be more than slightly funny. The family friendly setting means the well-acted stereotyped characters are only mildly offensive, losing the opportunity for really racy or violent humour. The plot moves along at a good pace and if you like American NASCAR, there's that element to enjoy, and the ending is good if a bit drawn out.	3
Put it this way....I fell asleep twice during the movie!!	2
This movie is way over rated. Wanted to like it but slow and too too long. Painfully long.	2
not sure how it got good rating. it was slow and boring at times.	2
Pretty fun heist film with some editing/pacing issues. It's an all-star cast, but many of the characters could have been cut or simplified. Still an enjoyable film but another round of plot development and editing would have made it a great film.	2
With all the hype, I was expecting more, something like Guy Ritchie's first movies. But this movie was sluggish. It had some great moments, like the prisoners arguing over Game of Thrones with the warden, but, it just felt sluggish. I'd wait and watch it on pay for view.	2
Heist films are familiar territory for Steven Soderbergh. And though "Logan Lucky" isn't as good as "Ocean's Eleven" it has a different tone, and style that keeps it from feeling too familiar. Channing Tatum and Adam Driver are hilarious, and they have a natural chemistry that's fun to watch. Daniel Craig and Riley Keough are just two of the many standout supporting performances, and the heist isn't so over the top that it takes you out of the movie. If the film has any one main flaw i'd say that I didn't laugh quite as much as I would have liked to, but the film skews more towards drama than comedy anyway. Logan Lucky isn't perfect, and it's certainly not Soderbergh's best, but it's got plenty to enjoy, and at the very least it's two hours of pure fun.	4
The must see summer movie of 2017.	4
A modestly entertaining comic crime caper that has its moments but never quite lives up to its full comedic potential, despite a solid cast that delivers a series of strong performances. The film admittedly delivers some good laughs, but they're too few and far between given the rich untapped veins of material available in the subject matter. It's an inoffensive offering for home viewing on a Saturday night when you don't have any other plans, but don't go out of your way to catch this one.	3
We have a winner! Logan Lucky did not disappoint. It's full of subtle jokes and references large and small to other movies and tv shows, some of which will inevitably go over the head or under the radar of people who may be younger or not widely familiar with the referenced works. I felt like I was in on the joke. The people who gave this movie a low rating were not in on the joke. I'm going to have to watch it a second time to see what slipped past me the first time.	4
Best bits on trailer	3
The acting in the beginning was lame. The best part of the whole movie is the ending. About 3/4 of the way through they degraded this movie by allowing God's name to be used in vain 3 times. Why? It did not make the movie better, nor did it require this for improvement.	3
Good movie overall, several very funny parts. Very reminiscent of the Ocean's Trilogy, just with rednecks.	4
A welcome return for director Steven Soderbergh.	3
Being a huge Ocean's Eleven fan, I really enjoyed this. They nailed the West Virginian Hick flair, too. Lots of dry humor, little twist at the end... AND My girl and I were able to see this opening week while being the ONLY two in the theater. That is always a good time. Good movie.	4
I like heist movies, but the first half of this movie was boring.	2
Would have rated this one higher but got marked down for including Seth McFarlane in a meaningless role showcasing his lousy Austin Powers.imitation. Amusing to see Craig play against type - you got the feeling he enjoyed it as well. For a movie centered around NASCAR it sure felt slow going for most of the movie. Soderbergh may be back but he can do better. (8-26-17)	3
Better than i expected with interesting characters and performances.	3
Entertaining, if unrealistic, heist movie. Daniel Craig is hilarious.	4
Had no idea what to expect, but I ended up loving it. Interesting cast combination.	4
A great, entertaining movie without having to worry about constant killing and bad language. All the actors are SO good, but Adam Driver's accent and acting is hysterical!	5
Very slow, not funny. Almost walked out but stuck it out, unfortunately. Spend your time and money watching grass grow or paint dry. You'll be better off.	1
This was a fun movie. Funny too. I really enjoyed the redneck accents from everyone.	3
Quirky, funny, clever with a strong cast. Not predictable or the typical gratuitous violence, etc. Good, clean fun adventure!	4
Good idea, poorly executed.	2
This gets better near the end and redeems itself to some degree. The characters a little over the top in the Hollywood portrayal of rural south working class people. That makes this movie tedious for a good chunk of it but its probably worth seeing. Liked it, didn't love nor hate it. Could be better if the characters were less over the top Wes Anderson / Coen brother like and more like, real people.	3
Lucky Logan: Sometimes You're too CleverLucky Logan (LL) is too clever for it's own good. The film has some big laugh lines and a lot of cleverness, but it is implausible to a fault. Sure, it's a work of fiction, but it has to pass the the credulity test. LL fails several times. The film involves a heist, a divorce, a prison break out and break in, car swapping, money swapping, wife swapping. Well, not the last one. Jimmy Logan (Channing Tatum) is a laid off worker looking for a score. Jimmy Logan's ex-wife played by Katie Holmes is poorly written and poorly acted. Holmes, in fact, is the worst part of the film. The characters in the film are stereotypes. Jimmy's brother, Clyde Logan played by Adam Driver, has a missing arm from fighting in Iraq. So the film makes a series of arm jokes that are funny at first and eventually play like bad schtick. Give it a rest. We get it!Daniel Craig is hilarious as Joe Bang, a munitions expert. However, his idiot brothers were so over the top as "stupid mountain people" that it balances out the hilarity of Craig's performance. Seth MacFarlane made a funny appearance, and I didn't even know it was him. That's a good thing, frankly. Talk about tired schtick. While character stereotypes can be funny, they can also be cliche. The cops in this movie were too stupid to believe and not funny. If you are going to make a believable heist movie, making the police impossibly stupid isn't the way to go. At least the FBI had some balls, so to speak. One of the funniest bits in the film involves prisoners rioters who can't have their demands met because certain books have not yet been published. It's a great homage, and that's all I am going to say about it. I am sure a clip of that seen will appear online in a a few months.The film is both irritatingly illogical and surprisingly clever. Another run through on the script would have helped, but then again, it wasn't trying to be Game of Thrones or something. If it was, someone would have had to die. Or did they?Rating: Rent it, if only for Craig's performance. See "Hell or High Water" instead. Peace, Tex Shelters	2
Ehhhh... really slow to start and not as funny as the trailer makes it seem. Just ok, not great.	3
Oh man, this movie was mildly entertaining at best. I was looking forward to seeing this because I'm a fan of Daniel Craig and the trailers made the movie look exciting. I thought there'd be more action in this movie. But it was slow and kind of long and drawn out. There's some humor in it, enough to make you smile and occasionally laugh, but it was just too slow of a movie.	2
Great fun. Oceans 11 meets Fargo!	5
Great redneck heist movie!! Love these characters!	4
"Ocean's 7-Eleven" for sure.Soderbergh gives Logan Lucky stylish yet relaxed direction, a healthy dollop of Dixie appeal, and rays of comedy.These characters have a distinct kind of wit and charm, but are never given the chance to evolve beyond their provided southern caricatures. This ends up being one of the film's biggest faults because it doesn't just affect the characters, but also makes the substantial moments fall a bit flat. That being said, the cast itself is loaded and lovable. Looking at the somewhat ambiguous ending and Soderbergh's track record, maybe this will become its own heist-chise?	4
I do not laugh more than 2 times, which was disappointing for a comedy. The characters did not come across as convinced which lead the film to become a little boring by the end. Nice twist though.	1
suprisingly not bad. i didnt expect too much of the movie, but in the end i did enjoyed it.	4
No kidding, very good film!	4
Oceans Eleven, with rednecks, cute and clever.	3
Disappointing considering how hyped this movie was. Doesn't stand up to the Soderbergh Ocean films despite the fun characters and concept. Some of the acting and scenes were near painful to watch.	3
As far as Steven Soderbergh heist films go, this might not be the best, but as far as coming-out-of-retirement films for directors are concerned, boy, was this one more than welcome for me to behold, for if "Logan Lucky" does anything well, it helps me understand just how much I missed the director's presence in cinema over the last few years. But, it just so happens that this isn't the only thing "Logan Lucky" does well either. The film also spins feel-good, country bumpkin heist fun and intrigue at a decent clip, and excels smoothly on the performances of its supremely gifted cast, including a revelatory turn from one Daniel Craig as the aptly named "Joe Bang." So, sure it's not as good as an "Ocean's Eleven" or "Ocean's Thirteen," but it stands tall amidst the pantheon of heist films in general, and will probably end up being one of the better, unsung films of the 2017 altogether.	4
It's a unique and fun movie!	4
So 100% what kind of humor I was looking for and as advertised based on the previews. The characters will instantly be the stuff of legend, and they were each perfectly cast.	5
What a boring, tedious "heist" movie. Talk about racial stereotypes. And why on earth would the prison population agree to the riot, certainly they were going to be punished for that, but what were they getting in return....and why would groups that normally don't get along (i.e. blacks and whites) agree to doing this.....that is just one of the completely implausible parts of the story one has to swallow. The last 15 minutes make the movie's ending more interesting than the first hour and half....but who would want to sit through that much tripe just to watch a somewhat better ending that the first part of the movie would lead you to believe you were going to get.	2
Okay this was really fun	4
Logan Lucky is my favorite Soderbergh film since Out of Sight. Standout performances from Craig, Driver, and especially Keough. Will be unavoidable in comparisons to Ocean's movies but what those lack in heart Lucky more than makes up for in campiness and stark family values. 4/5	4
Enjoyed the fast paced aspect. Good acting. First movie out in a month worth watching.	4
Logan Lucky is able to capture the essence of Southern culture and display it in a manner that proves to normalize the lifestyle instead of ridicule it. This is all meanwhile a series of funny and witty jokes and a complex, but simple enough storyline	4
I know what they were going for, but they just didn't hit the mark. Fantastic try though. A for effort.	3
truly one of Steven Soderberg's livelier filmsafter taking a break from directing he delivers a fun, smart heist picturea large cast that is utilized so wonderfully from Channing Tatum to Adam Driver to Riley Keough to Daniel Craig to Katie Holmes to Katherine Waterston to Hilary Swankthe Logans believe they've always had a bad luck curse on them so to turn their financial troubles around they decide to have the aid of a famous convict whom is known for pulling off robberiesthe brothers as well as the sister lay out the plan to rob the North Carolina speedway to make things go more smoothlythere's some fun tunes intermixed with the characters' personalities trying not to get caughtyou certainly see how the other half of the law gets a chance to shine on their ownit's a bit long but there's some silly moments to lighten the mood of this film's heist-adventurecolorful, chuckle-worthy, and intelligent	4
This movie was one of the worst we've seen. It moved VERY slowly and was not funny nor entertaining. Dwight Yoakam was good as the Warden.	1
A fun heist movie that managed to surprise me.	5
Nothing but fun! Movie the way they should be. Coenesque!	5
Pretty solid. The last 15 minutes feels unnecessary, however. Adam Driver's southern accent is way too much. Overall it was enjoyable.	4
Logan Lucky combines so many elements and genres beautifully together to create a film with a little something for everyone. A brilliant back-story leading to the heist, and then Soderbergh's usual cleverness with robberies comes to the forefront. Well acted, well written, well executed. Well worth checking out.	4
An OK heist film that's well acted and well made but lacks a lot of momentum and energy.	2
My first RT review coz the movie was that good. The movie starts out by setting up likable characters who are underdogs in life. Then with rip roaring laughter and unexpected intelligent turns takes us on one hell of a ride. It makes fun of itself and by incorporating current day references feels real. #GamesOfThroneScene #Oceans711	5
It was ok. Had me laughing a few times but the characters were kind of dull and the story moved too fast not allowing for proper character development. Some touching parts of the movie didn't have any traction because of the lack of character development	3
Ok movie. Completely boring at times.	1
What a mess of a movie. Disjointed and poorly written. Great cast lost in a stupid story. We stayed to the end hoping it would improve--it did not and instead resolved in a predictable pat close. I dont get the critics -- must be Soderberg-love.	1
Logan Lucky:Pros:- Fantastic Acting- Amazing Direction- Terrific Script- Beautiful Cinematography - Magnificent Editing- Outstanding Comedy- Very Funny Characters- Good Pacing For The Most Part- Very Original For A Summer MovieCons:- The Last 20-30 Minutes Move A Bit Slow At TimesOverall Grade: A (9.5/10)	4
Had potential... But just didn't quite make the grade. Redbox at best.	3
Steven Soderbergh returns with Logan Lucky, a stylish and laid-back heist comedy about robbing a NASCAR racetrack in West Virginia.The film is similar to Soderbergh's great caper Ocean's Eleven from 2001, It's funny and smart, although it maybe doesn't deliver the sugar rush of excitement achieved by Danny Ocean and his crew.Channing Tatum and Adam Driver play the unlucky Logan brothers, Jimmy and Clyde brilliantly. Jimmy just got unfairly fired from his construction job at the NASCAR track, where he figured out how to steal the money from all the concession stands and Clyde, who years before lost his hand serving in Iraq, tends a bar.Set upon payback, Jimmy plans to rob his former employer, a job needing a ragtag crew including Clyde, his sister Mellie (Riley Keough) and also a legendary explosives genius currently in jail, Joe Bang, played by Daniel Craig who steals every scene he is in.There is pleasure in watching the robbery unfold. There is a method in some of Jimmy's mad ways as he stays one step ahead of anyone trying to double-cross him. But it also fails to make the most of a cast that includes an unamusing and out of his depth Seth MacFarlane as obnoxious British driver Max Chilblain, double Oscar-winner Hilary Swank as an FBI agent who is really over the top in every scene she is in and Katherine Waterston who is literally just in three small scenes and makes no difference to the story.Logan Lucky is a playful diversion that functions as the perfect complement to Hollywood summer spectacles. Soderbergh, for all of his perplexing career twists, remains a talented filmmaker with an instinctive gift for pacing and style. Cinephiles can rejoice that his self-imposed retirement seems to be over, even if he doesn't push himself too hard in this modest return.	3
Best Soderbergh movie yet. By far my favorite. I hope they remember more than a few people come Oscar time. It's funny as hell, exciting and it carries with it an emotion one doesn't expect to be so, well emotional. Loved this movie. Definitely in my top ten of the year.	4
Steven so good a berg	4
Daniel Craig as my James bond, and mr magic Mike, always liked them but this movie was very boring. I almost left twice but I stayed in case it got better. I love both you actors but this movie was pretty disappointing.	1
Soderbergh returns to the screen with a really involving robbery story. Also, great to see Daniel Craig finally get a light-hearted role. He's funny. Who knew?	4
The Rube Goldberg plot elements were whimsically entertaining as all of the components developed with a weird incompetence. But son of a gun the wrap up at the end was really wonderfully logically gleeful.	3
The best way to sum it up is a line from the movie: Oceans-7-11 Daniel Craig is really fun to watch doing a great job sounding like he's from WV!	5
Logan Lucky - A southern version of Ocean's Eleven without the clever twists or overall intrigue. While it sticks to the typical heist film formula, the unique characters do differentiate it enough to make it memorable.Daniel Craig looks like he's having a blast with his character. The tongue-in-cheek marketing touted "and introducing Daniel Craig as Joe Bang," and it really does feel like you're seeing the actor for the first time with how completely against type this role is for him.The dynamic between Channing Tatum and his character's daughter is adorable to watch. Their banter felt natural and off the cuff, making me buy into that relationship right away.Hillary Swank is thrown into the movie in the last 20 minutes or so, along with her accompanying storyline. It felt far too late in the game to introduce those two elements, and I ended up not really caring about either.Seth Macfarlane was utterly miscast in his role. He plays an English billionaire with a perm and a caterpillar mustache. While the other actors easily sell their off-kilter characters, Macfarlane seems to be in the middle of a dress rehearsal for a comedy sketch. He begs for laughs in his delivery, rather than delivering any laughs.While this isn't the diamond in the rough I was hoping for, it does find small wins here and there to make it entertaining. It takes plenty of risk with the characters that were created, it just felt too safe in regards to plot. But for just $5 I got to see a reinvention of Daniel Craig, this year's best father/daughter relationship, and the signature styling of Director Steven Soderbergh. Not exactly highway robbery.	3
The trailer is so misleading. Anything good in the movie was already in the trailer	1
Utterly forgettable movie. Nearly every attempt at humor and punch line simply fell flat and just sat there hanging. No one in the theater laughed at most attempts at humor. Ultimately a disappointment.	2
Neat movie. Well worth seeing. Good acting and good script	4
Great actors but not very funny or interesting - seemed to drag on until the end!	3
The Logan family is historically plagued with bad luck. The divorced Jimmy Logan (Channing Tatum) can't hold a job due to his leg injury, and his brother Clyde (Adam Driver) lost his arm - no, sorry, his hand - on the way home from the Iraq war. Most see the Logan's misfortune as a reason not to try, but Jimmy tries to find an opportunity to reverse his misfortune. Luckiest of all, this film delivers for the audience.Logan Lucky is filled with fantastic performances. Channing Tatum delivers an extremely likable easy going country boy who proves himself a heist mastermind by the end of the film. Adam Driver plays a much more comically uptight character, a different role for Driver he knocks out of the park. Also starring, Daniel Craig kills the teams token pyrotechnic. Craig helps ground the film, while also adding some of the greatest comedic moments in its entire run time, at one point pausing the heist to explain the chemistry behind his gummy bear powered explosive device.For those who are unaware, this is Steven Soderbergh's return to film direction after a nearly five year hiatus. Unsurprisingly, the director of Oceans 11 knows how to direct a heist film. That's the saving grace of Logan Lucky, in anyone else's hands (well, anyone less adept at filmmaking that is) Logan Lucky could have felt like just another Summer blockbuster. Instead, Soderbergh delivers an experience that will more than satisfy those who are only after a fun time at the theater, but still offers more to those looking for it.Logan Lucky still drags in places, specifically a story regarding Jimmy's daughter's competition in a local pageant. It pays off in the end, playing its way into Jimmy's long term plan for the heist, but still, every time we cut to the pageant it feels like a break of pace and I couldn't help counting the seconds until it was over. Making your leads more human is important, but finding a way to do it without abrasively affecting the pacing is much more important. Although not a comedy, Logan Lucky manages to be constantly hilarious in a smart witty sort of way, delivering some of the most quotable lines of the year. Logan Lucky is a welcome addition to the end of Summer movie line up and a definite recommendation.	4
I was really looking forward to seeing this movie. It did not live up to the critic's rating. I love the main characters, but when I fall asleep at a movie, its just not that great. It was a little disjointed as to how the characters got together at the end. Best movie I have seen this entire year was Baby Driver. I try to choose carefully but thanks to the critics I wasted money on Logan Lucky.	3
It was like the slow, partially dimwitted version of Oceans 11.It felt slow for the first half. I looked at my watch thinking it should be wrapping soon, but we were only at the 1 hour mark.The acting was superb. The ending was decently interesting.But you had to buy in to lots of little one-offs, and had to be cool with a slower pace in order to really love it.	3
The smart country cousin to Ocean's [number]. Fast and clever, the entertainment value is high.	4
A very slow building film with irrelevant family social background. However, last 30 mins of the film made the film worthwhile but I would recommend streaming at home when available.	1
It wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen, but it certainly wasn't good. Flat characters, shoehorned family ties (the whole deadbeat-but-trying-not-to-be-dad storyline just felt dull and forced), and an idiotic "twist" at the end. I would have been disappointed with this had I watched it on netflix...the fact that I paid to see it in theaters is nearly as infuriating as the film's ableist one-arm side plot. If you MUST see this, save your money and watch it on netflix. Or really do yourself a favor and skip it altogether. You're not missing anything, I promise.	2
Was a fun movie to watch.	4
Bit slow but curiously entertaining!	4
Rotten tomatoes missed the mark	1
This movie is bad on so many levels. Really Daniel Craig???? Was this charity or is it the end with the next stop Dancing with the Stars? I'm embarrassed for him. Why why why? Garbage.	1
Steven Soderbergh comes out of a brief retirement to direct this caper-heist film that really isn?t a million miles away from his Ocean films except the participants are not smooth talking Las Vegas beauties but thickly accented working class West Virginians with battered trucks and a prosthetic arm. Channing Tatum plays the downtrodden mastermind behind an outrageous scheme to steal a whole lot of money during a NASCAR race as somewhat unbelievable shenanigans ensue with maximum comedic effect. Some Soderbergh directorial flair are detectable but mostly he takes a backseat and let a strong script by first-timer and possible pseudonym, Rebecca Blunt, do its brilliant work. It helps that we have a vanity-free cast that is gamed to do whatever the script demands of them: with a drool Adam Driver and ?introducing? Daniel Craig being the more showy standouts here. There are parts of the script that feels like attachments that don?t fit perfectly: Seth MacFarlene?s subplot goes nowhere and not half as funny as intended and Hilary Swank?s last act investigating FBI officer feels awkward, even though there is a payback scene that gives the film a bittersweet sting of sort. This is a fun and frivolous film that seeks only to entertain. Yet it isn?t dumb by any stretch of the imagination and has its moments where little life lessons are subtly messaged. Not every film needs to be a meaningful and educational exercise and a well thought out crowd-pleaser with style and panache that satisfy without pandering are always welcomed, especially when they do not have to resort to excessive car-chases, mindless explosions and Michael Bay-esque idiocy.	3
It's somewhat entertaining with some funny scenes l but it's no way a 94% as rated by critics! 60% at best.	3
It's was good worth seeing	3
Cinephiles and movie critics alike were disappointed when Steven Soderbergh, the Oscar winning director of Traffic, Erin Brockovich, and the Ocean's 11 trilogy, had announced his retirement a few years back. Thankfully that was a short-lived decision as he is back to his usual shenanigans with Logan Lucky, which reteams him with two of his Magic Mike actors Channing Tatum and Riley Keough. Tatum stars as Jimmy Logan who finds himself fired from his job working in a mine due to neglecting to disclose his pre-existing leg injury from his days serving in the war. To top it off, his ex-wife (Holmes) is threating to move their daughter across state lines with her current husband. Jimmy doesn't quite have the money to help pay for child support and got his cell service shut off after he failed to pay his bills. He concocts a plan to pull off a giant heist at a race car track. He has a slight advantage after having worked in the tunnels below the track. He knows the layout and how the facility uses bank chutes to transfer the cash flow coming in. Jimmy can't pull this off alone so he calls upon a small crew consisting of: his sister Mellie (Keough), his one-armed brother Clyde (Driver), incarcerated thief Joe Bang (Craig), and Joe's two brothers. Mellie may be the only one with her head one straight, and unlike the crew in the Ocean's movies, these guys fumble along the way with their plan.For someone who has made a fair share of heavy films, Logan Lucky is Soderbergh at his zaniest. There are some obvious callbacks to the Ocean's movies, but this time with more of a redneck twist given the societal backgrounds of the Logan and Bang families. Soderbergh may also be the film's screenwriter posing as first timer Rebecca Blunt. I've also read that Blunt is actually Soderbergh's wife. He's been cagey about confirming her identity, but he's known to use the names Peter Andrews when he's the film's cinematographer or Mary Ann Bernard when he's the sole editor. Soderbergh also seems influenced in part by the Coen Brothers in terms of the film's oddball characters and sense of humor. One could claim its stupid funny, but it's quite smart when you think about the payoff and just how far Soderbergh is willing to take these characters. There's a scene involving a group of prisoners all lamenting about Game of Thrones and the change of course the show has taken from the books. It's completely absurd but priceless.The Logan brothers don't appear to be the smartest characters. Add in the Bang brothers, who have an even lower IQ, and you just never know what is going to happen next. There is an unpredictable aspect to the story where you just don't know if they're actually going to be able to pull off the heist or if their dumb shenanigans will get themselves caught. It's a wild ride and a welcome departure from your standard comedy with these kinds of characters, which would result in a completely stupid movie with lame duck jokes. Soderbergh shies away from this as he lets you know that he's in on the joke. The story isn't all redneck and prison jokes. Blunt gives the story a B-plot with the family unit Jimmy is fighting for. His young daughter Sadie is competing in a beauty pageant and gives the story its true heart.Much like a Coen Brothers movie, the ensemble is able to let loose and have fun in an unexpected way much like their director. Adam Driver is known to many as the villainous Kylo Ren from Star Wars or as Adam on HBO's Girls. We're seeing a full on comedic performance here as Clyde, the quieter Logan brother. It's the kind of performance we've seen him dabble in before with Inside Llewyn Davis and continues to show how diverse he is with his performances. Daniel Craig plays right into his character's name as the heavily tattooed Joe Bang. He's wildly explosive and the furthest we seen him go away from James Bond in the last decade. Soderbergh turns to his current muse Channing Tatum for the lead. This is their fourth film together as actor/director. Tatum always does great work under Soderbergh's direction as it gives him the opportunity to show off what kind of actor he can be as opposed to the standard heartthrob image we have of him. The film also boasts some unexpected cameos along the way that fit right in the film's randomness.I have no idea what Steven Soderbergh will come up with next or if he's heading back into his retirement mode. Logan Lucky is a joyously fun ride and is the furthest he could get away from movies like Traffic or Contagion. He's one of the best filmmakers out there regardless of the genre or story he is willing to take on.Is It Worth Your Trip to the Movies? Soderbergh needs to ignore this whole retirement concept.RATING: 4 out of 5 TICKET STUBS	4
Total surprise - I didn't expect so much from this movie, but it was really great. Tatum, Driver and Craig all deliver enjoyable performances! Very entertaining movie!	4
This film was a lot funnier than I expected, the cast was perfectly picked and the acting was completely on point. If youre seeking your new fix comedy fix then give this one a shot.	3
Pain & Gain - Taking Care of Business - Burn After Reading - Hell or High Water - Ocean's Eleven - The Dukes of Hazard	3
This was a fun movie. It's slow moving at the beginning and takes a while to come together, but it's worth the wait. The story and characters are great.	4
Hilariously good story telling.	5
Great movie. Good acting	5
2/5. While Tatum gives a solid performance, Logan Lucky is a poorly written and mostly boring affair that underuses some great performances from Craig and Driver.	2
A relatively entertaining storyline but disappointing as a comedy, which is what the trailers made it appear it was going to be. The acting was good, but there were too many actors vying for screen time that it made the movie seem not as put together.	3
It's good. Some out right burst of laughter but about 40 mins in, it became all to familiar. It was basically, a "Hillbilly" version of Oceans 11.	3
4/5 = Great! With such a likable cast, setting, and plot; Logan Lucky offers everything you need for a fun evening of pure entertainment. Don't miss out on this one.	4
So close to being really good. It was just good	3
Rare to disagree so much w critics. Always felt inauthentic; always knew you were watching a MOVIE. Choppy, cliche, no good guys and not much to care about. Shot well, but full of stereotypes and telegraphed jokes. Felt tedious and even a bit depressing.	1
Wow. How much did Speedway Motorsports, Inc (owner of Charlotte Motor Speedway) pay for this movie to be produced? This is the most egregious case of product placement I have seen since Paul Bart Mall Cop 2 (OK, I didn't see that). In any case, if they had to do a robbery in Charlotte, and they had to break someone out of prison to do the robbery and get them back in, then why did they set the prison in West Virginia? Did anyone look at a map? Is it set in West Virginia because of the John Denver song that the kid sings off-key at the pageant in that astounding ripoff of "Little Miss Sunshine?"Why is Daniel Craig in this movie? Why does he have bleach blond spiked hairdo? I have to know. And while you're at it, I would like to know if Scott Caan and Casey Affleck gave permission for their Ocean's characters to be restyled as doofus hillbillies. And also, it would be good to find out if Katie Holmes and the actor who plays her husband bought their characterizations off the rack at Movie-Tropes-are-Us. Were their twin sons borrowed directly from that much better NASCAR movie, "Talladega Nights?" Did Hillary Swank read a comic book on how to play an FBI agent? The only character that makes sense is Adam Driver's. He has the natural quirkiness that works in this movie. All the others were grossly miscast or cookie-cutter cliched.There's no point of picking at the flaws in the plot. It's entirely ridiculous. But why does Soderburgh think it's a good idea to use the shopworn technique of showing in flashback "what really happened" in the extra robbery plot details. Oh, and how much did Lowe's pay for product placement? I hope it was a lot, because they got a lot of screen time.	1
Sometimes when you go to see a movie, you just want to be entertained. This movie should achieve for almost any audience. It is simply fun. Fun can sometimes sound negative. It seems to be that "fun" movies can only be fun. However, I believe that this film supersedes that notion. It is fun at its core, but it is much more than that. The ensemble that Soderbergh has put together is near perfect. Adam Driver and Daniel Craig shine in their roles and seem to steal any scene they are in. The cinematography is stunning, yet subtle. I always love it when it films seem to not take themselves too seriously. This film does that well and it seems as if the actors are genuinely enjoying being in this movie. I do believe that the film does struggle in the last third as many films before it have. Overall, a solid film and an above average heist movie.	4
As it said in the movie: Ocean's 7-11. Great acting. Coo complicated a heist (that required hiding information from the audience until the last second-- and convoluted information at that)	3
For 25 years, Soderbergh (Ocean's trilogy, Traffic) was one of the most prolific and lauded filmmakers of the turn-of-the-century. After a four year "retirement", Logan Lucky proves he hasn't stalled a bit. With dashes of Shane Black and the Coens, it's a redneck Ocean's Eleven ("Ocean's 7/11", according to the movie) which replaces tailored suits with ratty southern rock t-shirts. It's another twisty, cool, hilarious heist movie that cements Soderbergh as king of the comedic-crime-caper.Tatum and Driver play a pair of down-and-out brothers who've discovered a fool-proof opportunity to rob a racetrack. Throughout the humor and the crime, Soderbergh gives a great representation of income disparity and the modern American class system that actually warrants its soundtrack's use of "Fortunate Son". It would make Bernie Sanders proud; however, despite it's having a clear point-of-view, it's never forceful. The movie is as interested (if not more so) in the soul of its characters as their politics. This gives room for the story to envelope, the humor to shine, and unexpectedly moving moments seep in. Tatum's relationship with his daughter and even a group singalong of "Country Roads" bypass the corniness under Soderbergh's heartfelt care.It's a shame this isn't making much money at the box office, but it's not surprising either; it has "cult-sleeper-hit" written all over it. The performers are entertainingly cast against type (Craig's roughneck southern boy is wonderful), there's a cavalcade of non-sequiturs and one-liners around each turn, and it takes about 15 minutes to find its unique tonal rhythm. But once you're with it, and the dry hilarity hits you, you'll be glad you were lucky enough to find it.	4
U feel lucky? Go and see so good flick!	5
A great combination that adds the redneck essence to the heist movie. Each character is humorous because of their character and not who they are. This adds to the story and submerges you even further into the story as it plays out. Subtle hints of how ideas and such are constructed are awesome and they don't beat you over the head with the clues like in conventional movie. Many twists and turns.	4
Great script, great movie, great cast, unforeseeable plot twists. I'm a retired criminal law lawyer, so when I see crime cases involving the intricacies of jails, I'm prepared for disappointment. Not so this script. No details are overlooked, all ends are tied up. This is one of the most intelligent scripts involving a jail that I have ever seen performed. And it's a comedy. A very good one. The jail is, of course, not the only location. But I love that the screenwriter paid so much attention to details an old pro like me would notice. I hope this is considered for some best original screenplay awards. Performances great throughout, especially the Channing Tatum, Adam Driver, Daniel Craig, Riley Keough, Jack Quaid, & Farrah Mackenzie. There were other notable supporting performances as well. Just a beautifully cast movie. I'm writing this, in part, because this movie is underperforming at the box office. I don't get it. I've seen 100 dumb cop films that got everything wrong. This one is so smart and so right, as well as massively entertaining. I know better from my two decades in the criminal justice system to expect justice, but the underwhelming box office performance of this film is an injustice. Don't you want to see Daniel Craig play brilliantly a Southern cracker safecracker? Jack Quaid, offspring of Dennis Quaid & Meg Ryan, was hilarious. And, come on, Adam Driver/Darth Vader as a one-armed bartender? Who doesn't need to see that? So go forth, my moviegoing friends, and treat yourself to one of the best cinematic crime capers ever. And, I mean, going back to early film noir terrific, though not so artsy; but a well-crafted film that has everything going for it. Even a child beauty pageant that isn't annoying or cloying.	5
This movie is a humor BOMB! I tell my kids, humor is a funny thing. What's funny to some people isn't funny to others. Chris Rock, hilarious. Will Ferrel, NEVER funny. This movie is a good "heist" movie w/not 1 funny scene.	1
Channing Tatum and Adam Driver are the main actors, but Daniel Craig is the one who steals the show in his unique performance as a convicted felon who is needed for his expertise. This is also the second feature film of the summer I have seen in theaters that makes use of John Denvers 'Country Roads' as a miniature plot device (Alien: Covenant was the first) The most recent soderbergh film I saw was Side Effects, also featuring Channing Tatum, and this was a drastic departure from the tone of that film. There is plenty of laughs to be had here, although not as numerous as one may hope, but still consistently spread out through the entire film evenly. My main minor issue with this film is that it feels like it's going to end about a half hour earlier than it did, and the last half hour, though good, I'm not sure was essential to the film. As excited as I was to see where Hillary Swanks character would go in the film, I was disappointed that she didn't get as much screen time as I hoped. I already stated my admiration for Craig's performance, but the truth is everyone does a fantastic job in this film, and I thought the little girl in the film did just as good of a job as everyone else. As usual with Soderbergh films, it looks amazing and is very slick in its camerawork. I can definitely say I was satisfied with this film and I will likely be purchasing it on Blu Ray when it comes out	4
There's nothing superficially special about "Logan Lucky". In fact, it's the sort of film that one suspects Steven Soderbergh could churn out in his sleep. Soderbergh himself even seems to realize this, as there is news commentary heard within the movie, referring to the heist (spoiler: this film revolves around a heist) as "Ocean's 7-Eleven". I would argue that the seamless, apparent effortlessness of "Logan Lucky" is why it proves to be fairly satisfying and deserving of yet another notch on Soderbergh's directorial belt: it's hard to think of another modern filmmaker who has delivered as many decent-to-very good films that are built around lead actors who are not, shall we say, thespian giants.	3
Just a redneck version of Oceans Eleven.	2
Very fun romp from an all star cast.	5
Great heist movie. Too bad the marketing wasn't better.	4
This is no Oceans Eleven. No clear motivations, no clear antagonist, no "gotcha" moment. if you have seen the trailer, you have seen all the funny lines. very disappointing.	2
It was funny to watch Daniel Craig try on a hillbilly American dialect and a posture to go with it. But he was always Bond play acting--completely unbelievable. Same for Channing. It didn't work. The story was slow. It didn't do anything for me.	3
This is a complex heist movie in the vein of Ocean's 11, 12 & 13. However, instead of taking place in Las Vegas with a sophisticated scheme to rob a casino it takes place in West Virginia with an equally sophisticated plot to rob a NASCAR race track. If you like hearing John Denver's Country Roads and like heist movies and lots of subtle comedy you will enjoy this. Daniel Craig has an excellent Appalacian accent. It's hard to believe he is really James Bond. Now Chan Tatum does not surprise us but he does keep most of his clothes on in this role. Adam Driver has only half an arm in the movie. I don't know how special effects work but he usually has a full arm. This is a good movie for wives to take their husbands to. Scott	5
Super slow, walked out after 1 hour	1
Logan Lucky is a pretty decent way to spend an evening. Channing Tatum and Adam Driver play great off each other. Unfortunately, it looks like Soderbergh's film is under performing. It was already on the smallest screen, even with films from June still being shown.	4
I loved it. I look forward to watching it over and over in the future. It is like watching an Ocean's Eleven type heist with the cast of Oh Brother Where Art Thou.	5
I don't understand the high ratings for this movie. Watch the preview and you have seen the funniest lines in the entire movie. I can only guess that the elites on both coasts think any country person is a joke. Laugh at Bruce Jenner dressing up like a woman and they would be screaming Nazi.	2
Mildly entertaining. Not as funny as the trailer, but I enjoyed it.	3
I didn't care for this movie. It was hard to follow and some of the plot lines were simply ridiculous. And Daniel Craig as a southerner is laughable. Lots of good car chase scenes though.	2
Disappointing with such a great cast.	1
Good movie that I hadn't heard of before we went. Worth a watch.	5
Easily one of the best movies all summer. Such a hilarious story with just enough action to keep things interesting along the ride.	5
It seems that everybody likes a good heist movie. This one has two guys who have a long history with each other (one of them dealing with a hostile ex-wife) who decide to rob a large entertainment venue during on especially busy day. They put together a motley crew to pull off their plan, which is very intricate, involving many moving pieces and requiring a few lucky breaks along the way. We don't see the extent to which everything came together until flashback scenes toward the end of the movie and, in the last scene, we're left with the impression that the story may not be as complete as we thought.Oh, but I wasn't just talking about the subject of this review, the comedy crime drama "Logan Lucky" (PG-13, 1:59). Everything I said in the previous paragraph also applies to the 2001 crime drama "Ocean's 11". It only makes sense. This movie's director, Steven Soderbergh, also directed the first three "Ocean's" movies (including the 2004 and 2007 sequels, but not counting the 2018 all-female "Ocean's 8" for which he's as producer). (However, he did not write any of these films - or his Oscar-winning effort, "Traffic", or "Erin Brockovich", "Contagion", "Side Effects" or "Magic Mike", all of which he also directed.) Soderbergh's 2017 heist movie has a lot in common with some of his previous work, but has a very different setting - the southern U.S. This is "Ocean's 11" meets "Talladega Nights". The Logans make up one of the most UN-lucky families in the South. At least, that's what Clyde Logan (Adam Driver) believes. He can rattle off a long list of relative misfortune to anyone who will listen, especially to his older brother, Jimmy (Channing Tatum). Jimmy had been a star high school quarterback and appeared destined to play college ball and then move on to the pros... until a leg injury ended those dreams and left Jimmy with a permanent limp. Since then, he married a woman named Bobbie Jo (Katie Holmes), had a daughter named Sadie (Farrah Mackenzie) and got divorced. Since Bobbie Jo got full custody, Jimmy has to drive from Charlotte, North Carolina to West Virginia to visit his daughter (which he does frequently... but not always reliably) and support her participation in beauty pageants.Complicating matters further, Jimmy just loses his job working construction in the tunnels underneath the Charlotte Motor Speedway (due to liability issues related to his bum leg). For his part, Clyde is a disabled military veteran who lost his left hand and forearm in Iraq. Clyde is now a sad sack bartender who never smiles, usually speaks in a monotone and is... kinda slow. One day, British businessman and NASCAR team owner Max Chilblain (Seth MacFarlane) comes into Clyde's bar and begins mocking his disability. Jimmy defends his brother, gets into a fight and destroys Chillblain's car, and the incident gets on Jimmy's last nerve. He decides to stand up for the little guy - and take a bold step to change his life.Jimmy cooks up a scheme to rob the Charlotte Motor Speedway. Having worked that underground construction job, he knows how they move the money, where they store it and how to get to it. Clyde convinces Jimmy to join him, but they're gonna need more help. They visit an old acquaintance named Joe Bang (Daniel Craig) who is an explosives expert. One problem - Joe is "in-car-cer-ated" (as he sarcastically reminds the brothers) - and is up for parole soon. They say they can get him out of jail to do the job and get him back before he's missed. Joe decides to trust Jimmy and Clyde - but not completely.Joe insists that his brothers be a part of the heist. Jimmy and Clyde recruit Sam Bang (Brian Gleeson) and Fish Bang (Jack Quaid), even though the Bangs says they "walk with God now" and need "a moral reason" to do the job. The Logans invent one, add their younger sister, Mellie (Riley Keough), to the crew and Jimmy's plan takes shape. Along the way, Clyde gets himself thrown in jail (on purpose), the robbery has to be moved up a week (to Memorial Day Weekend!), and other problems arise, but Jimmy gets everything set and he makes a phone call, saying "call the baker", a signal which sets the plan in motion. After the job, Logan's Six must try to avoid suspicion from FBI agents (led by Hillary Swank)."Logan Lucky" is a pleasant enough diversion, but not especially creative. Soderbergh himself calls it "an anti-glam version of an Ocean's movie", but he doesn't make especially good use of his setting. Although the locations, circumstances and people are indeed "all South all the time", the script isn't as funny as it tries to be and most of the cleverness comes from heist movie clichés. Country music fans will enjoy the soundtrack (with special attention paid to John Denver's "Take Me Home, Country Roads"), but may wonder whether they're laughing at these unsophisticated characters - or with them. The bright spots come from a few very good moments and the performances against type by actors like Adam Driver and especially Daniel Craig. With all that and a moderate amount of southern charm, the movie is mildly entertaining, but whether you'll consider yourself "lucky" if you're fixin' to take a peek at this Logans' saga, I reckon is kinda iffy. "B-"	2
Great movie! Very funny and the accents are just hilarious and outrageous.	4
Daniel Craig's performance is fantastic and the only reason you should watch this movie. It's got terrible pacing and dialogue timing, distracting subplots, and weak narrative which is deadly in a caper movie. The characters were caricatures and the sets were horrible - spotless interiors no matter where they were were so distracting. Above all, no matter the great soundtrack, there was zero excitement generated.	2
Hillbilly version of Oceans Eleven. Long and drawn out for an ending barely worth the wait.	2
Many times hilarious while lacking in needed heart and wit at others, Logan Lucky benefits from the charismatic performances from its esteemed cast, and makes a fun yarn out of a non-glam Ocean's Eleven formula.	3
liked this movie a lot, quirky, interesting, intriguing and some smart red necks.	4
Another stylish Soderbergh flick, awesome casting, and humorous dialogues all along. ?	5
tremendous acting and a cool fun story with a dope ending but the overall heist is lackluster in excitement and there isnt a whole lot of tension throughout	4
Very well done, loved it	4
Very well done, loved it	4
Steven Soderbergh's latest delivers precisely what can be expected of him - an engaging, gamely cast heist thriller that's clever, stylish and above all fun.	3
Loved it... Soderbergh is back in top form!	5
#LoganLucky A redneck Ocean's Eleven. Entertaining & fun. Strangely casted & a little offensive. #StevenSoderbergh is back! 6.5/10	3
Daniel Craig should be remembered when they get to Oscar season	4
Slow. Not funny. Made West Virginians look like dumb hillbillies. Do not recommend seeing it	2
I really enjoyed this movie. It's got a lot of big name stars in a, objectively, small movie. It's a lot of fun and the characters are silly and, albeit, stereotypical southern types robbing a safe at, of course, a NASCAR event.	3
Well-acted and well-written but the movie amounts to little more than a pleasant diversion than anything of substance.	3
This is a smart and funny movie in the vein of Oceans 11.	4
Tight screenplay ... imaginitive yet too far fetched. Definitely entertaining. Disliked Adam Driver's slow accent. Not sure what the inmates got out of the whole deal?	3
If you've seen a Steven Soderbergh movie before, particularly the Ocean's trilogy, you'll notice many similarities between them and Logan Lucky. They're both about a group of colorful characters trying to pull off a multi-million dollar heist, all while avoiding capture. It's the cast and setting that make it stand on it's own, versus being Ocean's 14. Channing Tatum, as he did in the Jump Street movies, once again proves that he can make an audience laugh while standing shoulder to shoulder with high-caliber dramatic actors like Adam Driver, Hilary Swank, and Daniel Craig. Did I mention Daniel Craig? The latest Bond turns in what is by far his funniest performance, toting a heavy southern accent with a strangely random knack for science. Tatum, Driver, and Craig set out to rob the vault of the biggest Nascar event of the year, located in Concord, North Carolina. Like Soderbergh's Ocean movies, the majority of the film is an incredibly elaborate, step-by-step plan to execute a heist, coupled with sharp editing and a smart script. A particularly memorable scene involves the prisoners of Daniel Craig's jail starting a riot so that he can escape, perform the heist, and make it back before dinner. Their list of demands are simple; add a Game of Thrones shelf to their library. As a huge fan of Game of Thrones, watching them engage in back-and-forth banter with the warden (an all too proud Dwight Yoakam) about when the next books are going to be released was a major highlight, and had me rolling. Yet even with the wise-cracking characters and top-notch cinematography, a feeling of deja vu was still lurking in the back of my mind. Thankfully, it wasn't enough to distract me from concluding that Logan Lucky was mostly a genuinely funny and smart late-summer flick.	4
Ok movie..surprised it got this many strong reviews / high ratings from the critics	2
it's great to see the back at cinema of steven soderbergh after years of working in tv	4
A solid summer entertainment heist. Good twist and turns and a solid cast. B+	4
Logan Lucky (2017): ReviewAfter watching this movie, I don't have to hesitatate to say that this is one of the best southern, redneck acting coming from actors that are very obviously not from that area. It took my brother a while to realize that the same man who was playing a redneck, small minded convict was the same actor for the iconic James Bond. Logan Lucky is, what at least I consider to be, a spiritual successor to Oceans 11 from 2001. Coming from the same director, both being heist movies about a team of misfits coming together to rob an organization that clearly has enough money, and having roughly the same plot structure as Oceans 11, I couldn't help but feel a little nostalgic. This is a good thing, walking out of the theater house I wanted to find my DVD of Oceans 11 and revisit the movie that made the heist genre cool. Under the layer of quite well written and genuinley funny comedy that is advertised in this movie, there are surprisingly very good, solid performances coming out of these actors. Even though this movie is just something fun and light hearted that you can watch with for family and/or friends just so that you can get out of the house, there's a surprising amount of depth to these characters. Of course you aren't going to find the kind of character depth that you would see in a Paul Thomas Anderson movie, but for a heist comedy, characters that aren't two-dimensional are not very common. One way for screen writers or playwrightes to add depth to a characters chemistry with other characters is to subtly hint how far back they go, without mentioning it too often. If the story plays out as it should, while simultaneously hinting us at an unspoken past of these characters, it adds an extra layer to the script that requires us to actually think in order to acknowledge, instead of just mindlessly telling us everything. This is something that I noticed was utilized very well between the characters in this film, especially the two brothers played by Channing Tatum and Adam Driver. Due to its laid back, light hearted and very unpretentious tone and mood, I hear many critics calling it a "decently made film". I believe it's an understatement. This is a very competent, smartly directed movie with artistic merit, but you'd have to dig deep in order to see it. The only real flaw I can see about this movie is that it was about 15-20 minutes too long. After the heist, the movie slowed down a lot and I found myself yawning once or twice. This is a pretty good, smart, and at times hilarious movie. I even belly laughed out loud during one particularly hilarious scene, which I couldn't remember the last time I did that. It's impossible to have a bad time watching this movie.I'm going to give this a 15/20	3
Hey you! Have you never been to the south? Apparently, Steven Soderburgh hasn't either. With Logan Lucky, he seems to have not only delivered a decidedly cosmopolitan parody of southern folk but somehow managed to pander to them simultaneously. The Killing meets Ocean's Eleven meets Hee Haw all to diminishing effect in this heist comedy. It starts off strong with Channing Tatum as a down-on-his-luck blue collar worker struggling to do right by his daughter during his visitation rights. In a less than desperate bid to remain a supportive father and ex-husband, he enlists his one-armed brother (Adam Driver) and a bank vault specialist (Daniel Craig) to rip off a NASCAR event mid race. After you get over the giggles of hearing everyone's best southern drawl, the heist itself gets underway, and the audience's attention wanes. There are a few too many extra characters who you don't care about, some car porn, and scenes that don't seem important at first. Of course, that's just Soderburgh falling back on his tried and true editing method of waiting until the end to show us the scenes that explained what really happened. We can feel smart for putting two and two together when we should really just feel insulted for being spoon-fed the plot after the fact. It's not as bad as I'm making it out to be, but it's certainly not as clever as Soderburgh assumes it is. And judging by his assumption that Logan Lucky would change how movies are distributed, it looks like he should have spent more of that cleverness on making a more marketable movie than pulling a fast one on a system he's depended on for years.	3
lots of fun, and well done. well acted.	4
A fun & quirky action comedy from Steven Soderbergh (Ocean's 11 2001) the story of likable Redneck Brothers who plan an elaborate heist of NASCAR Championship.All the characters have a charm & wit about them & although I find it difficult to believe this could be true it's wildly entertaining to see them pull it off.Daniel Craig is electric as Joe-Bang & this film starts a little slow but once it finds it's gear it's terrific.	4
The movie REALLY dragged on for the first hour or so. The ending didn't make me feel entirely better about spending 2 hours on this.	2
AWFUL! Slow af, horrible pacing	1
You gotta love a movie where the demands from a prison riot mob center around getting George RR Martin to freaking finish the sixth and seventh books in his series already.	4
Not sure who I liked more in this but I'd probably have to go with Daniel Craig. This movie is brilliant as are most every Steven S. films. I loved this film. Every second was great. I'm not sure how Steven S. is able to do it but he's managed to actually make Channing Tatum a likeable actor and that's not a knock on Tatum it's just that Steven S has enormous talent and he's able to use that talent to help Tatum. This film is highly original and one of the year's best.	5
Well-written, smart, funny, and entertaining as hell, Logan Lucky proves to be a successful complex heist film.	4
Super Funny. Pure Entertainment. Not Oceans but still great! Go See!	4
Lot of fun, lot of heart, great time at the movies.	4
This movie was great!	4
Welcome back Mr. Soderberg, I sure did miss you. Even though director Steven Soderberg was in retirement just a few years, I missed his directing style. Not that every movie is a carbon copy of the other, but he just has a deft touch behind the camera. His latest movie is Logan Lucky, and yes there are some similarities to his Ocean's series, but I think I liked this one even more then those. The reason being is this one is rooted in a heist that maybe us common folks could pull off. The four main cast members are all top notch, and there are two brothers that are just super funny in a supporting role. The film does take a while to get going, and I was wondering, man I hope this thing gets good. However, it does and is a smarter comedy then most. I wouldn't say it has tons of gut buster laughs, but it is a very fun film.	3
Oceans Eleven with nicer and funnier chatacters.	5
Witty, smart, and filled to the brim with likable characters, Steven Soderbergh's Logan Lucky is a fine return to form and if it's not his most daring or unrestrained feature in his filmography, it's nonetheless still a very fun ride.	4
Liked this movie. It was not as funny as expected but it was fun to watch!	4
Slow developing movie but very entertaining and kinda funny too.	4
Great cast. Fun story. I was expecting it to be funnier. Clearly sending-up the hillbilly stereotype, this movie couldn't seem to make up its mind whether it wanted to lampoon the simple hicks or have a heart to support their cause. I feel like it would have been more enjoyable if the film maker had leaned one way more than another. I left feeling conflicted and not fully satisfied.	2
It was difficult for me to get over the portrayals of what amounted to dummies who are able to pull off a well thought out heist. It was implausible and I just couldn't buy it.	2
omg really while i was watching 2 ppl walked out. please dont make a part 2	1
Was just such a bad movie despite a cast of talented actors- slow moving plot and dripping in stereotypes. Wanted to enjoy this film- feel asleep twice- critics assessment- just do not understand reviews- skip it and wait for it to hit HBO	1
I'd rate it about a 73. Well done, but a little slow-paced and not quite as witty as I expected. Great soundtrack.	3
Don't be fooled - logan lucky is just ok. It's been way overrated.	2
Nascar and G.O.T fans need to see this	4
A hilarious, simplified film that's so well executed and fun to watch. Trying to reverse a family curse, brothers Jimmy (Channing Tatum) and Clyde Logan (Adam Driver) set out to execute an elaborate robbery during the legendary Coca-Cola 600 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway.I'll start out by saying that this is one of my favorite heist movies of the year. It definitely doesn't surpass "Baby Driver", but it doesn't mean this wasn't a fun and exciting film. Its plot is so simple with no real surprises or outbursts, but it's executed in a timely manner. The story was very interesting and exciting that I was into the film at all times. It felt like the film was based on the premise of dumb luck and intuition, but it turned out to be a lot more. I can really appreciate the approach that Soderbergh took with making this film, and it definitely makes it a memorable experience to see in the theaters. The film is filled with a few headliner names that do their jobs well. Although I don't think that the cast was perfect down the line, Channing Tatum and Adam Driver were a perfect duo. They were hilarious, their comedic timing was perfect, and they had undeniable chemistry. These guys carried the show and they brought to life the excitement within these realistically dull characters. It was also awesome to see Daniel Craig having fun. I think he thrived in a role where he got to just let it out, which is an awesome transition to see coming from the Bond films. I ultimately did have some problems with this film. In the end, there wasn't much depth given to any of the characters, to the point that you didn't really care. You were more or less just on for the adventure, rather than actually supporting the people on said adventure. I mean, the talent behind our main characters was good enough, but the actual characters were kind of boring. They weren't anything that special and if tragedy happened to all of them, it wouldn't have been the most heartbreaking thing. I also thought the ending was a bit convoluted. I can appreciate the effort into making the story more cohesive and more exciting. They tried to add different layers and make things a little more complicated, but it felt a little more confusing as a result. I thought the simplified version could've worked out just fine, but the story did have some problems with the flow and finale. In the end, "Logan Lucky" was an extremely fun and comical film. It has its flaws but it's something I would love to watch again and again.	4
Good movie, good laughs in between, a movie that will have you and your friends having a conversation about it immediately after .	3
Went into this film with high expectations due to the Director, stellar cast and high reviews from this site. Wow, what a let down. Obviously a much longer film that was hacked apart in the edit room, the story line is nearly incomprehensible. You endure 90 minutes of nearly sleep inducing set-up for a payoff that Soderburgh obviously expected to be the "Aha Moment" instead it hits with more of a thud and who cares. What a letdown, should have waited for PPV.	2
Boring and dumb. I finally couldn't stand it anymore and left.	1
As the movie says, a red neck "Ocean's Eleven". Really good flick.	3
Super overrated. Very forgettable.	2
It's not as good a heist movie as Oceans 11, 13 or The Italian Job but it's not too shabby if you wanna go to the theatre.	3
a very balanced combination of irony and parody, spiced up by Southern style dialogues made me forget the time ; ]	4
Nice story but this is not a comedy. Jokes in the movie are also not fun and the southern accents I felt were not needed.	3
A laugh-out-loud, silly, summer fun heist film! Sit back and enjoy. No, it won't win any awards or accolades, but I knew that going in. However, I was highly entertained. Look for cameo appearances from five NASCAR drivers!	4
Didn't know what to expect, was surprised to watch a entertaining and funny movie from start to finish!!! I'll go watch it again.	4
Hilarious. A funny version of the Oceans movies. Grab the family and go see it.	4
Great heist movie it was very good plot and story and laughs	3
Soderbergh's return to the big screen is exactly what we need: an original film that both entertains and enlightens. Lucky Logan touches upon the ever increasing economic difficulties of the south while offering a kind hearted caper that is consistently comical and smartly pieced together.	3
It was alright. Didn't amaze me, didn't disappoint me. Beginning was slow.	2
It's a must see! It was amazing.	5
loved it, fresh change of pace	5
Mildly entertaining summer faire. Rent.	3
Logan Lucky, the redneck Ocean's movie, is a light-hearted heist film with some wacky performances from the lead cast. Soderbergh goes back to his roots with this fun film with strong characters and plot.	4
Good movie , just a little long	5
Vintage Soderbergh! As someone who grew up in North Carolina, this Took Me Home!	5
Great movie would defiantly see again. Only problem is the FBI agent, she was way to stern for the movie	4
Had its moments and overall enjoyable. Basically Oceans 11 with Redneck Nascar vault heist theme. But it's just more of the same and pales in comparison Baby Driver. Hard describe but just lack luster run of the mill moving going experience. Not something you pickup on DVD or BLU-RAY.	4
we walked out of the theater 20 minutes in because the acting was so bad	1
The best heist movie since... well, Ocean's Eleven.	5
Perfect pace, a killer cast and a whimsical plot mark this as a standout movie in what has been a weak summer. Particularly loved the subtle humor and director Soderbergh's "tip of the hat" to himself.	5
Love it. It is ocean eleven meets talladega nights.	5
Light crime comedy is what I would categorize this as. Not the Bourne franchise but I enjoyed it's spin. I think all actors in the movie did a good job. They didn't do much character development, but they still managed to pull it off. That's normally a gripe of mine. I like the ending and what it implies.	4
well written and hilarious. Soderbergh did great for his final film.	4
Country Bumkins Oceans 11 ð?¤£ð?¤£ð?¤£ð?¤£ð?¤£ð?¤£	5
Since it is almost Fall this will go good with all the other fodder that is available. Worst movie in decades I have seen. Does not have a climax or even a start to move up to a decent show. Very funny in parts but not worth wasting your time with.	1
This movie reminded me of Raising Arizona. A delightful comedy that was heartwarming and clever. So many good characters and plot kept escalating until the end.	5
One of the best of the year.	5
Entertaining at best, despite it being completely full of itself story wise and meanders quite a bit.	3
Hell of a movie! Two thumbs up!	5
Ok friends I have not been this excited to share a review in a long time. This may have cracked my top ten favorite comedies of all time and I'll be quoting this movie for awhile after I see it AGAIN. What do you get when you take one part zany Cohen bros type characters, one part O Brother Where Art Thou southern jabs and dialogue, and add a splash of the first Oceans 11 with Steven Soderburgh? You get Oceans 7-11 and it is hilarious, smart, and witty. EVEN Channing Tatum is great in it and not just a pretty face (but it's Adam Driver and Daniel Craig that steal the show). Deadpool was the best movie of 2016 for all the wrong reasons but this is far and away the best movie of 2017 and probably won't get the credit it deserves. Hope the Academy can get their heads out of their tails and recognize best original screen play and supporting actor noms for this! SOOOO good! #EarlYouGottaLight, #DidYouJustSayCauliflowerToMe, #DangerUS	5
What are the greatest heist movies I've seen	5
Fun movie to watch, but still missed on comedic timing. The big names like Daniel Craig, all did good jobs with the accents and lackluster lines they were given. Worth a look, but still not a great movie.	3
This movie was very entertaining and a complement to the wonderful people of West Virginia! I worked in the prison system in Arizona for 11 1/2 years and was a jailer for a local police department for 13 years. I guarantee you the prison warden, prison employees and inmates are portrayed perfectly!!! Great actors!!! Brilliant plot!!!	5
Smart, stylish and fast-paced... oh wait, that was "Oceans 11." This movie was unfunny, clumsy and slow. Of particular concern was, for whatever reason, Soderbergh felt compelled to leave in the awkward, flat reactions of his actors to the unfunny jokes and completely destroyed any potential comedic timing there might have been in the hands of a more skilled editor. Really, really disappointing from one of the best in the game.	1
was a very good movie, funny, just really good	5
Wasted talent here. Supposed laughs fell flat in the full theatre. Who fattens Channing up, gives him a bad haircut, and disables him?Let the boy look good and dance, whatever depth asked of him here ain't his thing. Promos show the barely passable better lines. This movie can be skipped.	2
Adam Driver killed it. Such a fantastic funny movie.	4
(4.5/5). Though its third act stumbles a bit, Logan Lucky is wickedly entertaining, its odd humor and spin on redneck life makes this a great comedy in a year that hasn't been kind to comedies. It also has arguably the best performance from Daniel Craig. Its the best redneck ocean's 11 you'll ever get.	4
Soderbergh on point. Adam driver was super enjoyable to watch, as was the rest of the cast.	4
Logan Lucky is a movie that never reaches any great heights, never gets out of third gear. It's slowly paced, lacking in tension, urgency and believable motivations for the characters to even be involved in the robbery. Silly plot twists towards the end and a completely tacked on romantic sub plot are thrown in for good measure. The characters are likable enough, but are really just dumb, red neck stereotypes. It's a predictable heist flick with a deep south twist. The second act is particularly dull. I started yawning and checking my watch at one point which is not a good sign. On the plus side Daniel Craig as prison inmate Joe Bang is interesting and well shot, but if you're lucky you'll see another movie at the theatre.	2
Loved it. Quirky, fun, great acting, similar to oceans eleven with a redneck twist but still able to hold its own unique identity. Daniel Craig is brilliant. Perfect casting in every role. FBI agent is perfect casting as well(won't give it away). Everyone crushed their role. Even some sentimental heartfelt moments mixed in. Highly recommend.	4
Felt like it was three hours long. Everything most people dislike about America all rolled into one movie. Nothing particularly compelling about the story or any of the characters. I might have enjoyed it more if I were to fast-forward it on a small airplane screen.	1
NO STARS, WHAT A P.O.S. THIS MOVIE WAS... A TOTAL EMBARRASSMENT FOR THE ACTORS AND THE DIRECTOR, ITS TIME FOR SODERBORG TO CALL IT A DAY AND RETIRE... ROGER CRAIG, REALLY WAS IT WORTH THE SMEAR ON YOUR ACTING RESUME? CHANNING TATUM, YOU AS WELL HAVE A SMEAR NOW ON YOUR RESUME... TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY, WASTE OF TIME AND I AM EMBARRASSED FOR ALL OF YOU INVOLVED..	1
Enjoyable, funny and touching.	4
premise is interesting, but the execution is dull and left me wanting more action	3
Oof, I know people liked this movie, but it bored the crap out of me. I tried to like it, I really did, but there was nothing about it that grabbed me or held my attention at all. If you told me it was 5 hours long, I would believe you	2
Not my favorite honestly. I feel like the movie climaxed too early and the continued suspense was unwarranted. Overall, I was really disappointed with the flow/ending of this movie.	2
The original Blade Runner was so groundbreaking, I thought I might be disappointed in Blade Runner 2049. I was not. It retained the deep questions so typical of Philip K. Dick's writings, retained the spirit of the first film, and fulfilled the imagination of Syd Mead's designs, and the sometimes languid, but not boring, opportunities to see the beauty presented, and to ponder the film. I loved it.	5
Great movie but quite slow throughout.	3
Long and dull. Visually uninspired.	2
Great visuals. I'd like to see more of Ana de Armas - she's stunning. The plot was somewhat confusing, especially when I didn't understand a word spoken by Jared Leto - this guy is a professional actor?	3
Blade Runner 2049A Review by Josh JommenBlade Runner 2049 is directed by Denis Villeneuve, who has brought us some of the best films of the decade including: Enemy, Prisoners, Sicario, and Arrival. This film stars Ryan Gosling as Officer K and Harrison Ford reprising his role as Rick Deckard from the original Blade Runner (1982) Just for background before I start this review, I'll share my thoughts on the original Blade Runner. It's a science fiction masterpiece. Its story is so immersive and spectacular that it remains a classic even 35 years later. It is a film that takes a few viewing to really understand and appreciate because I know people who have watched Blade Runner for the first time and then hated it and then after seeing it for a 3rd time, love it. Now onto Blade Runner 2049, for this review I'll begin with things I liked about this film, then move to things I didn't like and then will wrap up with a final analysis. First and most importantly this is the best looking movie I have ever seen. Cinematographer Roger Deakins has crafted a beautiful world that completely sucks you into it making you just want to live within this movie. Also all of the performances were great. Gosling turns in his usual incredible performance disappearing into this character. Ford also done a fantastic job reprising his character all this time later. The most standout performance was from actress Sylvia Hoeks who played Luv. She is not a very well know actress, but she did a fantastic job as the main antagonist of this story. I also really liked the story, it took turns that I didn't see coming and the story was constantly evolving and becoming something more. Now onto the things that I didn't like. My biggest complaint is how long it is. Clocking in at 2 hours and 44 minutes this movie can drag from time to time especially in the middle. While I was always interested in the story, I found myself becoming bored at the long, long, long takes of people just walking around, now don't forget this movie looks fantastic but it felt like they were taking a little too much time showing it off. Another issue that I had with the film was one particular scene that depicted Officer K getting intimate with his love interest in the film This scene came at a time in which, without getting into spoilers, we were heavily interested in something else going on with Officer K so for this scene to crop up was pretty out of place and awkward. Some could make the argument that it made sense to be where it was in the movie but for me, it just did not sit very well. Something that I believe mainstream audiences will have a problem with is some of the strange and slightly disturbing visuals, I however did not. I heavily respect making such a bold and different movie in the age of unoriginal filmmaking, however some of its stranger bits have turned people away. Leaving this film I felt a little disappointed at first. I liked the story, but some of the slow pacing really fogged my perception of the film and left my opinion hard to be determined, but this is what I do, so I took a lot of time to think about it and learn more about the film. What I soon realized about this movie is that it is very similar to its predecessor, the original Blade Runner. It takes time to appreciate and understand. However, I'm not welching on my complaints I still think this movie has some pacing issues but I believe that they will be less of a detracting factor with rewatches. I am giving Blade Runner 2049 a while to sink in before I see it again but this review is focusing on my analysis of the film after my first viewing. In conclusion this is not a movie for everyone to go out and see. If you love movies go see this, because this film will surely be talked about for years to come. If you love art or cinematography, go see this movie because it has the best I have ever seen. If you're interested in this movie but don't know if it's your cup of tea after reading this review, then don't go see it. Wait for the Blu-Ray and rent it and watch it in the comfort of your home. This film continues Denis Villeneuve's incredible directing streak, further cementing him as one of the most talented directors working today and I believe he should be nominated for an oscar for this. As well as Cinematographer Roger Deakins deserves to win an oscar for this breathtaking visual masterpiece. This film is currently in my top 20 favorite movies of 2017 and I'm curious to see if it rises or falls as the year goes on.For more reviews and ratings check out my Instagram @big_screen_addicted_Also I've started a youtube channel for movie reviews and other things including a Podcast series. Please check it out, the channel is just Josh Jommen. Thank you for reading.Enjoyability 8/10Direction 10/10Writing 8/10Characters 8/10Acting 9/10Pacing 5/10Hook 8/10Beginning 7/10Middle 6/10End 9/107.8+0.3 Best Visuals Ever+0.1 Faithful SequelFINAL SCORE: 8.2	4
If you liked the first movie, this one is better. It's best to watch any of the first versions to understand the back story. It is especially good to watch it with a fan boy to expain the surrounding culture (that it's not just about what is human but what is real as well as that sceens of you staring at the main character staring is a joke about the first movie). The high ratings by both critics and others is proof that this is one of the best movies of the year. Great visuals but does not need to be seen in either 3D or IMAX or HFR. Alas, my theater distorted the sound track by cranking above 2000 hz to painful levels in order to simulate a sub woofer (below 200hz). Most mid range 5.1 home systems can easily outperform most theaters (that most hdtvs lack for some reason). This movie was the best reason to accually go to a theater. I won't do it again until The Last Jedi. The masses skipping this one made a mistake. But, the fairly empty theaters is just another bonus.	5
Denis Villeneuve is on a bloody roll.	5
This film is visionary. Like the original, it is way ahead of its time and may be decades before it becomes realized as the masterpiece that it is.	5
Left within the first 15 minutes. Hollywood again tries to put Biblical tones into their dark characters.	1
My favorite Science fiction movie in years! I have to see it again. There is a lot going on in the plot and I'm sure things that I missed. But excellent cast and photography and direction was outstanding.	4
VERY slow paced. Most it pretty predictable. Gossling's subpar acting ability was really distracting. But the return of Deckard, a continuation of the story, and solid cinematography make the movie viewable.	2
what a gorgeous movie. loved it from start to finish. totally captured. kind of hard to follow at times, but i think it added to it in a way. a movie that definitely had me talking about the topics after the movie was over. which is exactly what a filmmaker wants. the threesome scene was incredible. so well done.	5
Absolutely amazing. It matched the tone of the original movie perfectly, and took you for a ride full of deep twists and turns. I rate this movie is a must-see!	5
A wonderful film where an android detective tries to unravel a mystery that might unravel a society that seems to have already been unraveled many times over.	4
Instant classic. Possibly better than the original.	5
Blade Runner 2049 represents a type of movie that hasn't been made in decades. It takes super long shots of scenery and actors' expressions, it takes its sweet time moving the plot along, and the delivery of dialogue moves like molasses. These things will undoubtedly turn many moviegoers away, but for those that have an appreciation for film eras like French new wave and Italian neorealism, they should be pleasantly surprised. As a sequel for a film more than 30 years old, this should not work, and yet it does. Denis Villeneuve manages to deliver a movie that works as a sequel is supposed to, but also can totally stand on its own merits. The performances are great across the board as well, but what makes this film truly great is the beautiful cinematography by roger deakins. Every shot is a painting that would leave me staring in awe. At the very least this film has my vote for best cinematography of the year.	4
Besides bringing back the bad 80's synthesizer music the writing progressed the sort nicely and the cinematography was stunning. Well done	4
Beautifully shot, mesmerizing to watch, often seedy and dirty yet beautiful, the cinematography was done right. I enjoyed every single character that comes to mind. The stories behind the "androids" and the "computer wife" were all compelling and heartfelt. I loved the set up, the pacing, the delivery, the ending. The music was perfect for the movie... I almost didn't want to leave when the credits were rolling. I just can't say enough good things about this movie, and I really need to go watch it again on the big screen. If you pressed me for some minor gripes, it might be that the replicant farm hallway felt a little too borrowed from the recent HBO Westworld series and was too ugly to deserve to be part of this movie... but the point of the whole sequence made sense and revealed what it needed to of Wallace's character. Another gripe would normally be not seeing any green nature in the film... yet that was a big part of the story, and it didn't really bother me anyway since it was shot so artfully to begin with. I will say in the theater I was in, the high end sounds were just too loud... definitely a personal thing with recent movies in modern theaters. Highly recommended... and last personal note is that I feel it's soon time for me to go to 4K at home so I can enjoy some of these awesome films after they leave the big screen. Please Hollywood, more quality flicks like this!	5
10.13.17 at theater for my birthday w/Shawn & Steph	4
A visual marvel that will take its place as not only one of the best sci-fi movies of all time, but also one of the best sequels of all time	5
Back in the 1980s, I went to see the original Blade Runner. I had the cinema to myself and I spent the afternoon utterly entranced, captivated and a little puzzled by this dazzling, amazing movie. Since then, I've watched various iterations of the film and loved them all. It is one of my favourite films of all time and I never get tired of viewing it again. It poses questions about what it is to be human and indeed the existential rights that artificial intelligences may need to be granted if and when we create them. Is an artificial form of life capable of love, emotion and other feelings that we take for granted? What responsibility does a creator have with regard to such beings? These are questions that we may one day face and are now a staple of many science fiction movies. Blade Runner was one of the first and is still one of the best examples of this deeply philosophical debate. It succeeded early due to the extraordinary vision of director Ridley Scott and also because it left many ambiguities for the audience to puzzle over. When I heard that a sequel was being made, I was concerned that it would be a pale imitation, cashing in on the cult-nature and somewhat diminishing the impact as a result. I have to say, within a few minutes of watching Blade Runner 2049, these worries melted away as this wonderful movie began to weave a plot that pays homage to the original and develops it further. The plot concerns another police officer, tasked with finding rogue replicant lifeforms and "Retiring" them. Played by Ryan Gosling, this blade runner, known as K, is himself an advanced replicant, living amongst humans and facing bigotry and prejudice. During an investigation, he stumbles upon a shocking piece of evidence that opens up a whole new episode in the development of replicant lifeforms. His investigations centre on the work done by the Tyrell Corporation some 30 years earlier and this leads him to seek out office Deckard, played once more by Harrison Ford. The movie has several scenes clearly meant to evoke elements of the original and this is a wise and comforting move on the part of director Denis Villeneuve but he steers clear of simple regurgitating the plot. The world that has been created feels very appropriate and the whole setting is believably a development of the LA seen in the first film. It is a very slow burn in terms of plotting and this gives us ample chance to get to know and understand the complex characters and situations. I was particularly taken by the relationship between K and his virtual lover Joi. This seems a particularly tender and human relationship and is just one of the many ways in which the movie attempts to pose big, philosophical conundrums. Harrison Ford's first appearance is something that builds and builds until, when he finally appears, washed-out, jumpy and somewhat embittered he provides a neat foil to the dour, serious K and they make for a good partnership. The film looks stunning and has some breathtaking effects and scenes. These are never over the top or flashy but rather they fit the gritty, downbeat mood of the film. I was blown away by the all to brief reappearance of one of the original characters in a the form that they (I'm trying not to give it away here) appeared in the 1980s. I'm still questioning quite how they managed to pull it off so well where other movies that have created CGI characters have failed so miserably. I know Blade Runner 2049 has taken some flack for the portrayal of women. I kind of understand the criticism but feel that it somewhat misses the point. For me, there was a mix of female characters, some strong, some weak, some with questionable motivations and morals. It is a movie that is deliberately ambiguous, leaving unanswered questions in the viewer and I kind of like that.	5
I've seen it 3 times so far and with each viewing the film expands in Greatness. The best looking movie I have seen in years, the soundtrack is menacing and superb and the acting and story-line made me breathe a sigh of relief 5 to 10 minutes into my first viewing of this: no screw-ups, no Hollywood blockbuster explosion-fest, Villaneuve is a fan who made a proper sequel to the original Blade Runner. My hat is off to all who were involved in this project, they must have known it might not fare well at the US box office (neither did the Original), but like the Original, the 21st century has it's own 2001: A Space Odyssey. All the thumbs up. Highly recommended.	5
It's like three hours of continious concept art.	5
Time went by so fast. I didn't watch the first one but I was not lost. Very interesting characters. I would like to see more of them. I will definitely see the next if there is one.	4
not perfect but worth a watch. i enjoyed this one much more than the first one.	4
At 163 minutes, Villeneuve's film may test the patience of some viewers, but it's arguably paced much better than its predecessor despite being 45 minutes longer. With the exception of some grandiose establishing shots, there's little in the way of extraneous footage that could be trimmed out here - nearly everything serves the narrative in some way or another. The narrative itself is more coherent than that of the previous film, while still exploring many of the same themes and retaining a bit of the same ambiguity, which will no doubt spark a whole new series of questions. In short, Blade Runner 2049 is not only a worthy sequel, it's a superior one, an achievement made all the more impressive by the 35-year gap since the original.	4
Long and awaited. Its definitely worth the wait, the visuals and storytelling is perfect. One of the best film i have seen in 2017.	4
Flying cars, tacky wardrobe. "The Jetsons" had it better, imho.	1
Movie was way too long, plot confusingly dragged out. Went with the family and 1 of us 6 fell asleep, terrible waste of money	1
Stunning visuals with slow pace narrative. Not so great story.	4
Went to see it yesterday and really glad I caught it in the movies still. Had been holding off to rewatch the first on3 but never found it available so just d3cided to go anyway. Didn't need to wait. Great story line, thouorly enjoyed the movie and acting and thought it one o& 5he best sci-fi movies I hav3 watched in recent years.	5
Great acting but soooo slow!	2
Really liked it. Beautiful, captivating, good story telling, with enough of s nod to the original.	5
Following up a classic, a sci-fi one no less, such as Blade Runner sounds like an impossible task. However, with Ridley Scott returning as executive producer and one of the best directors of today at the helm in Denis Villeneuve, the pieces were there to honor the original's legacy with a film of both quality and integrity.For any film to stake any claim to being a successor to Blade Runner, the visual and aural aspects must be there. In 2049, they certainly are. Jaw-dropping is not a term I like to throw around, but there is at least one scene that is almost guaranteed to do so for all viewers. In addition, the deep rumblings of the soundtrack and sound effects make films like these must-watches in theaters.Not to forget the storytelling, 2049 elaborates on and builds upon its predecessor, extending Deckard's story while introducing new and intriguing developments from the pre-title sequence until the very end. Even filmgoers who eschewed the original will be gripped through the entire 164 minute runtime, which is no small feat.Ryan Gosling proves his star is shining as brightly as ever, putting away his La La Land tap dancing shoes in favor of his darker Nicolas Winding Refn roles (Drive, Only God Forgives, The Neon Demon) to prove he may just be an action star at heart. Credit also to relative newcomers Ana de Armas and Sylvia Hoek for their performances, while Harrison Ford and Robin Wright make the most of their limited time on screen.Thoroughly satisfying to cult and casual fans, Blade Runner 2049 is a fitting tribute to the seminal work, but also a sumptuous union of story and spectacle on its own.	4
good addition to the cult classic	3
Denis Villeneuve perfectly captures the atmosphere and world of Blade Runner, comes up with new and original ideas to complement the movie's predecessor, cinematography is master class.	5
Incredible at every level!!!!! For true sci-fi fans, this is the holy grail.	5
A masterpiece and testament to the original.	5
The nudity was off-putting. Felt like I was watching a 60's porno. No one needs to see that much, and it added *nothing* to the plot/action/story. Men, women are more than that. Women, none of you have perfect bodies, unlike what the movie wants us to believe. Two stars off.Action was great, story was great, acting was great. (Theater sound was 60 decibels too loud.)	3
Bladerunner through and through. Surprisingly good sequel I hope they end with before they ruin it.	4
A masterpiece. I've seen in twice. Harrison Ford and Ryan Gosling are amazing in it . The director Denis Villeneuve (sp?) was a visual and theme genius. beautifully shot. Sound and performances were amazing!	5
Overly long with a sub-par villain but scrumptious acting, visuals, and score	3
Pretty good. Stunning visuals. No need to touch the original. Found myself asking "why" a lot.	3
Not as good as I hoped	3
Really good but really long. The visuals are as mind-blowing as Gosling's performance, but given the runtime, Bladerunner 2049 needed more action, especially since the story allowed for plenty of it. Also, Ford underperforms worse than the film itself did at the box-office. Laziest cameo role in recent memory.	4
Solid movie, from the visuals to the acting it was a great sci - fi movie	4
Denis Villeneuve's second sci-fi followup after Arrival is a wonderfully acted, deeply philosophical and thoroughly rendered film that takes the best elements of the first film and doubles down on the action and spectacle. Ryan Gosling proves yet again (after Drive and La La Land) that he can be a reliable leading man capable of shouldering a near three hour long film on his shoulders. Harrison Ford, who joins Gosling at close to the half way point of the film doesn't show his age and also proves that he's still got a lot of energy left in him. The film's look needs to be credited to the amazing cinematographer Roger Deakens who cut his teeth shooting many of the Coen Brothers's films. Jared Leto also makes the most of his 20 minutes as the creepy creator of replicants. This is a film that will shock and awe you with its size and scale but that doesn't depart from the dense storytelling that made the first outing so enjoyable. Here's hoping the director has more to offer in the genre of sci-fi. It is a guarantee that whatever he does next I will surely be watching. And you should too.	4
Blade Runner 2049 is a natural development of the original film and expands its themes with the genius of Denis Villeneuve. The film is not only technically impeccable but also has one of the best written screenplays I've ever seen, completely deconstructing film conventions. Ryan Gosling, Harrisson Ford and Ana de Armas bring some of the best performances of their careers, and the entire crew of this film deserve at least Oscar nominations. It's impossible to leave Blade Runner 2049 without thinking about what you saw.	5
Solid movie, from the visuals to the acting it was a great sci - fi movie	4
Denis Villeneuve's second sci-fi followup after Arrival is a wonderfully acted, deeply philosophical and thoroughly rendered film that takes the best elements of the first film and doubles down on the action and spectacle. Ryan Gosling proves yet again (after Drive and La La Land) that he can be a reliable leading man capable of shouldering a near three hour long film on his shoulders. Harrison Ford, who joins Gosling at close to the half way point of the film doesn't show his age and also proves that he's still got a lot of energy left in him. The film's look needs to be credited to the amazing cinematographer Roger Deakens who cut his teeth shooting many of the Coen Brothers's films. Jared Leto also makes the most of his 20 minutes as the creepy creator of replicants. This is a film that will shock and awe you with its size and scale but that doesn't depart from the dense storytelling that made the first outing so enjoyable. Here's hoping the director has more to offer in the genre of sci-fi. It is a guarantee that whatever he does next I will surely be watching. And you should too.	4
Blade Runner 2049 is a natural development of the original film and expands its themes with the genius of Denis Villeneuve. The film is not only technically impeccable but also has one of the best written screenplays I've ever seen, completely deconstructing film conventions. Ryan Gosling, Harrisson Ford and Ana de Armas bring some of the best performances of their careers, and the entire crew of this film deserve at least Oscar nominations. It's impossible to leave Blade Runner 2049 without thinking about what you saw.	5
I'm actually glad to see a sci-fi / fantasy film that isn't just about the action, but this film misses the mark.First, it's pushing 3 hours, but there just isn't that much story there, and what story there is can be convoluted, rendering it boring. A 3 hour movie with very little action just ends up dragging you down.To fill 3 hours, you end with a lot of bloated camera work and endless scenes of people doing a whole lot of nothing.To be fair, I liked the noir aspect and the mood, especially in the beginning, but at some point I was hoping.... well I was hoping it would get interesting - it didn't.Reminded me a Twilight movie. No vampires or werewolves, but just as boring.	2
Beautiful. But why build slaves that look like humans?	3
Beautifully filmed and directed but lacking in depth. Character development is one of the film's biggest downfalls, with no real drive to care about any of cast. Overall, a surprising need for more details, even in such a long movie.	3
Overblown, pretentious, and interminable. Not a patch on the magnificent original. None of the reviewers seems to have noticed that the plot makes no sense and the script is full of cringe-inducing clichés. The dead, emotionless pounding of the soundtrack, evidently intended to distract audiences from the narrative and thematic vacuity of the product unspooling in front of them, just gave me a headache. Pretty visuals, though.	2
Visually orgasmic, the audio is moist to the ears, and it only gets better from there :)	5
Creating a pleasing sequel to the original was no easy feat, but this movie pulls it off. Must be seen in a movie theater in order to really take in the cinematic landscapes presented.	4
Loved it. Go see it.	5
Long winded. Dull and repetitive	3
this guy is a lost cause?	2
Overrated, and incredibly boring. Thread-bare plot with barely any character development. Doesn't even come close to the inspired magic and mystery of the original.	1
Never a dull moment. Several surprises. Incredible visuals	4
A visual spectacle that leaves no desire for clock watching (even with a running time of 2h 44m). BR2049 is Sci-Fi porn at its classiest.	4
I loved the first Blade Runner film and was so excited to see the sequel. Was so disappointed. It is beautifully filmed but so thin on plot and character development I was wishing it to be over half way though. Take some the 150 million spent on the movie and develop the storyline the movie (and fans deserve)! Yikes!	3
I get that it was a cult classic with cyberpunk backdrop, but the movie was oddly too long and drawn out, with the negative of really not even resolving anything with the main antagonist.Lots of muted visuals paired with long, dialogue-free + high volume slow closeup shots.A lot of themes were juggled, not many really being delved into or solved.	2
Too longToo loudDumb plotTerrible editingGosling a dudOnly the replicants had decent rolesPoor Harrison Ford looked like he was sickCome on Hollywood!	1
outstanding visuals just stunning interesting futuristic world with a plot that makes you think a little slow at times and definitely confusing especially since I haven't seen the original this movie is weird but in an intriguing sense of the word I'll definitely buy it but it may not be for everyone	4
fantastic cinimatic experience. deep dark and modey. like a blast of old school class. Where have they gone??	5
A lengthy yet enjoyable cut	3
Really not much of a story. Very predictable.	3
Everything a sequel should be and more. It recaptures the amazing visuals and aesthetic ambience that the original put forth and even improves upon that. It delves deeper into the Blade Runner universe and mythos and continues to ask us the same question that we're still scratching our heads at: What makes us human? Blade Runner 2049 is just as good, if not better, than the original and will cement itself into cinema history as a sci-fi classic.	5
The story board was near perfect, but the writing was in the Syriana groupthink after the intro scene. Ford is underused, but is funny in showing up punching. The movie seems to beg for Brad Pit to rewrite the lines. It would have been a lot better if Ford had been written in to the entire movie, perhaps Simpsons cut scene style. There is a proportional relationship between Ford's underuse and his slight breaks out of character. To me, Ford breaks out of character in the specific concept of random hate speech. It seems like a question about the new era he can't get answered. There is a lot more quiet hate speech in the war on terror environment, and its usually quiet enough to be taboo to talk about. No, HF, those people didn't recognize you, they do that to anyone, and its too hard for people to realize the Afghanis stone women to appease their Roman dictators.	4
It's hard to give a movie a good review when you were so glad its over.I can see people appreciate the artistry of it but ultimately it just wasn't entertaining. Horrible pacing and bearing in mind the length very little character depth beyond K. The whole thing was so po faced, not 1 minute of the near the 3 hours took the time to take any enjoyment out of the concept. I've always felt the original was over-rated and this was far worse.Gave 2.5 stars on the basis of undeniably strong acting and beautiful scenary	2
might have been better to save the director cut for the DVD release they probably could have cut 15/20 mins from movie	4
Superb movie. Loved it. Almost as good as the original.	5
Un increible logro visual y escenico. La hiatoria mucho mas refinada y llena de sorpresas. Creo que esta vez merece reconocimiento de la academia. Si esta es una prediccion del futuro, que triste lo q nos espera	4
A satisfying story line with a brilliant soundtrack to pair. Gosling is a little overwhelming, but he becomes bearable around the middle. A story that echos in reality of today with prejudice and hate, overcoming all odds, and self exploration. It's a must see, but I would recommend just waiting to buy it on DVD.	4
Hell ya. it doesn't match the best sci-fi ever made but it didn't take away from it and as good an effort as could have been made. It was totally worth it!Left it open for a 3rd? Kind of hope not.	4
the great film.i didn't feel that film almost 3 hours long.	5
2049 perfectly captures the atmosphere of the original without copying it. It is smart and expands the theme of what it means to be human. As close to a perfect sequel as it gets.	5
Amazing cinematography, storyline was better than the first yet still lacked some cohesion.	4
Story is ok, nice actors, great to see on big screen, not as dark as original, great landscapes, but could easily be 30 mins shorter. Im sure there will be a better cut available on DVD. Slow motion in a long movie, really annoyed me. Just way too long, for simple story,	3
Scenes were epic, and it was fun how they joined the original and the new story	4
Fantastic visuals and narrative! Denis did a fantastic job AGAIN!	5
This is the 2nd movie I've seen this year that I think should get an Oscar nomination for best picture. The acting is great, the visuals are amazing, and the story is completely new and interesting. If you haven't seen the first Blade Runner I recommend seeing it first, but you can follow this movie without seeing the first movie. The movie takes place in a world on the edge of war and questions what it means to be human. Unlike most movies that deal with the idea of artificial intelligence, this one asks the question if a robot can have a soul. The movie is a thriller, mystery, and noir.	5
We do not get movies like this nowadays. It deserves to be called a science fiction masterpiece.	5
Fully carried the emotions and design of the original.	5
excellent. masterpiece.	5
Blade Runner was a timeless classic in the sci-fi world which left gigantic shoes to fill for Dennis Villeneuve, which he succeeded at in several regards; cinematography, faithfulness to the source material and casting. Blade Runner 2049 is the most beautiful movie to watch so far this year. Similar to its predecessor, the cinematography is a hallmark of the film. Roger Deakins takes the solitude of being a replicant in a dystopian future and puts it into perspective. Vast landscape shots let the audience know where we are, while foggy borders and dark nights kept us contained - not unlike an AI might feel, trying to live in a human world. Deakins effectively uses water - the essence of life - as a re-occuring theme through his vision as well as contrasting colour palettes ranging from orange, arid desert scenes to the Tokyo-esque neon streets of future L.A. Many fans of the original were concerned, as they tend to be when remakes, sequels or prequels are made in an effort to resurrect old material. Villeneuve did a great job of moving the story forward without running wild. Updating the replicants only makes sense; just as we update our iPhones and our iOS's every so often. This, mixed with a continuation of old story arcs as well as the fastening of loose ends, gave the production team plenty material to work with for an exciting sequel.Harisson Ford returns as Rick Deckard, but not immediately. Canadian golden boy Ryan Gosling steals most of the screen time alongside his boss played by Robin Wright and his futuristic girlfriend Ana de Armas. It isn't until later that both generations of leading men meet each other which leads us into an exciting and monumental third act. Not unlike his newly adopted Joker persona, Jared Leto is granted limited screen time but still manages to leave his mark as the sinister Niander Wallace. Fans of Leto will appreciate his work in this film.All in all Blade Runner 2049 hits the mark, several times, in several ways. Ridley Scott proves he can bring his slow, creepy & futuristic drama to the table whether he's sitting at the director's chair or in the production seat while Villeneuve cuts his teeth with his first enormously budgeted cast and film. 8.5/10.Recommended For:-Fans of the original-Fans of Jared Leto-Fans of Prometheus or Alien: CovenantNOT Recommended For:-Anyone with a low attention span-People looking for a fast-paced action flick	4
Too artistic and too much music. Not enough time spent on the storyline.	3
I love movies where you go and totally escape for a few hours, never thinking of real life. This was NOT one of those experiences. It was slow, dark and excruciatingly long. During this movie, I thought of my to do list, things I needed to get done and Facebook, etc. No need to see this movie.	1
While the original still remains superior, Blade Runner 2049 is a slowly paced but engaging sci-fi film that respectfully follows the cinematic aesthetics and thematic prophecies of the future that Ridley Scott had established 35 years ago.	3
True to the original. Amazing.	5
Stunning in every way. For almost three hours, I lived in another world. That's what a great science fiction film does. On behalf of all Blade Runner fans, I say thanks for this movie. See it as many times as you can on the big screen.	5
Horrible. Critics are fools. Like watching paint dry at the same time you're sitting in crap. Slow, mumbling, dark, foggy and boring.	1
It was visually stunning I'll give them that but man did it drag over two hours to get to the point. It wasn't a bad story but then again this didn't have to be made either first one was just fine the way it ended. Overall really not much action few times it was alright but nothing to go on about a lot of talking though.	3
Overly long, not much happening to justify the length of this movie. The sound was obnoxiously loud and overbearing, while the plot was confusing. Although I love Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford, this is three hours I'll never get back.	2
First movie I?ve ever gone to sleep in. My wife just summarized as ?horrible?. We wasted 3 hours of our lives... save yourself before it?s too late! (Great actors though.)	1
Must see for any sci-fi enthusiast! Truly brilliant movie.	5
An astonishing filmmaking experience with some of the best visuals ever put to screen, mind blowing sound design but also a very surprising amount of heart given to its story and characters. Denis Villenueve has delivered a modern sci fi masterpiece and quite possibly one of the best sequels ever.	5
Like the original, this is an EXCELLENT SciFi movie.If you liked 1982 version, set in 2019, than you'll like this one set which is a straight sequel set 30 years later.And, like the original, I'm not surprised it's doing poorly in the theaters. It's not a monster movie, or a CGI of graphic novels. This one makes you think and experience.	4
this is a fantastic movie but the box office is giving me a migrane	4
This is a true masterpiece! I will enjoy watching it more times once the BR hits. The visuals, the story which is good to stand on it's own and enriches the Blade Runner universe, top-notch casting and great directing. This movie is a milestone in moviemaking. One thing is that maybe this movie is not for the mainstream audience.... If you love movies, you are going to love this one!	5
Very good. Visually stunning.	4
The film explores the questions that the original Blade Runner asked in great detail, which makes for a very interesting story, save for a few flaws and some moments which feel a bit cliché. The visuals are simply amazing and the performances are great too, except Jared Leto's, which feels at times one-dimensional and shallow. I like the slow pace that the director takes a lot. The only real step down from the original is the music, which emulates the sound of the original Vangelis score, but does not do anything with those sounds, it just leaves them there. While it works to some degree, there's nothing special about it.	4
Overlong, overwrought, confusing, violent -- and at 163 minutes a real bladder-buster!	2
This is one of the best films I've ever seen	5
I liked it just as much as the first one. I didn't think either was great but both very well made with great acting.	3
It's a stunning and amazing film.I was concerned when I've read the first news about this continuation, but when I saw the film, I've had the best feeling. The film is marvellous!!	5
Finally got around to seeing Blade Runner 2049...Absolutely beautiful movie, Cinematography within each scene is a work of art. I thought the pacing of the story was quite well done and kept me pulled in when it needed to. While not perfect it's certainly a breath of fresh air of a movie it's just such a shame people aren't going to see it.Gone is the attention span of an audience maybe? and patience to think about a "complex" movie....but either wayWatch the first movie...and 100% watch 2049	5
About 40 minutes too long but visually beautiful and good story.	4
Blade Runner 2049 reminded me of why movies are released in theaters. The scope of the sets and effects are immaculate. This is surely one of the most breathtaking films in terms of visuals. 10/10	5
Blade Runner 2049 is a sci-fi movie of the highest caliber. It reminds us that science-fiction doesn't have to fall into the blockbuster action genre that it so often seems hard-wired to. The world is so expertly crafted. The tragic tale of the main character, his life and struggle is so thought-provoking and emotional. My only real critique is that it feels a bit dragged down by the attempt to tie it so tightly to the first movie. This could have been a 5 star movie without that extra baggage.	4
Absolutely beautiful, amazing sound design and audio mixing, Denis Villeneuve hits a homerun once again.	5
very well done, solid movie	3
I walked out halfway through. My wife stayed for the entirety, but regretted it. Movie is painfully slow to get going & sucks on top of that. One of only 3 films I've left early in my life. Don't waste your time or money. If this movie was free, it's still not worth seeing.	1
A faithful, self-contained sequel that?s done masterfully.	5
Visually stunning but quite convoluted and hard to follow, the movie turned out not quite what I expected. If only it had been more exciting. Unfortunately, despite great potential, directorial and performing staff, the overall sentiment is that of being astonished by watching beautifully presented futuristic dystopia plagued by banal but nevertheless persistent feeling of frustration and boredom. I would have given it five stars, but as I repeatedly found myself grasping for my watch and even, literally, falling asleep, it gets barely three and a half and this only for its acting and visuals.	3
#1 son and I checked out the sequel to the classic sci-fi film. New to my son, we first watched the Final Cut version of Blade Runner and the three short films released prior to the new movie (these filled in some of the story between the two feature films). For BR2049, we saw the 3D version. A a film, this was very impressive. It was clearly made by exceptional people working at the top of their game. Though 3D tends to make the images darker, the filmmakers had paid extra attention to this process and it shows. It's not showy 3D but it worked remarkably well. As for the movie, it's done in the Blade Runner style but it feels like a Daniel Villeneuve film: moody, slow/deliberate, with occasional short bursts of violent action. I think for many, this can be a bit boring for a long movie like this one. The movie never flt boring but it seemed like some strategic snipping could have easily been done. The movie is all about Ryan Reynolds and he appears in almost every scene. He's mostly emotionless with an undercurrent of despair, making this movie even more gloomy. It was surprising that some key characters only had a few minutes of screen time. Ford's role is more substantive, though you have to wait for it. I think his role requires viewing the original Blade Runner (Final Cut) movie first. Most of the other main characters are women and they did impressive work.The soundtrack paid tribute to the original film. It was quite immersive, too. But it was also very loud, at times. My ears are still ringing.My son, who's into films, really was impressed. It's certainly a sight to behold. Though one important theme was about what it is to be human, I found the emotional impact to be wanting. Still, it was and impressive display of talent...an achievement worth recognizing.	4
I thought it was a waste of money, too long and very slow.	1
Not your garden variety entertainer but is a masterpiece! The world has grown within itself. Subtle touches with razor sharp dialogues. Gosling delivers, exponential growth of his performance from Drive. The sound was brilliant and blended with this amazing journey. It would be a sin not to mention the wide frame camera work along with the cinematography.	4
Visually stunning, same biblical undertones that made the original a classic 35 years ago. A bit long, yet engaging storyline that captures viewer's unwavering attention. Brilliant filmmaking of modern time!	5
Absolutely phenomenal. This film lives up to the original Blade Runner's legacy. The acting, script, cinematography, sound design, and score are all fantastic. Although they are not the focus, the action scenes are brutal and powerful. This is the best movie I've seen in recent memory. You need to see this on a big screen.	5
There were just a ton of things that were never explained and vague points. Why are they treated like second hand citizens? Do they actually have free will? Didn?t the evil guy consider it the next step in evolution, if so why run around killing each other? The movie was ok but did not deserve the positive rating it has.	2
Drive 2049 was a pleasure to watch. As expected, quite slow-moving but lovely on the senses.	4
Well, that's 3 hours I'll never get back! ????	2
Nothing memorable or special.....	2
How does this movie rate soooo high??? If I was not with a group of friends would've walked out.	1
I loved the idea of the original, but could hardly sit there and actually watch it. spent the entire time arguing with myself about how much i wanted to like it, vs how boring it was. Blade Runner 2049 on the other hand, for it being a movie that many would consider slow had me on the edge of my seat the entire time. I can usually guess where things are going in a movie, but this one had me fooled. There were more than a couple of times i found myself with my jaw dropped.	4
Disappointment. This was my most anticipated movie of 2017 but action was poor and little new ideas. Pictures and sound are good though.	1
Very good and Acton 10/10	5
omgosh this was the worst movie ever and 3 hours long. stupid. Don't waste time or money	1
Me gusto mucho la película. Consideró que es un poco difícil de digerir pero me encanto la trama y el desenlace espero haya unan tercera parte	5
I have no idea how this got such a high rating... I feel like me and the people that loved it were watching a completely different film. Yes, it's pretty to look at and the story was 'ok'... For the first hour... But if I had to describe this film with one word, it'd be 'SLOW'. SO. DAMN. SLOW. My boyfriend and I walked out 20 minutes before it ended. Could not care less about the characters or what happened to them. Yawn.	1
A fantastic sci fi expirienxe with an amazing performance from Ryan Gosling. No other film looks like this it?s Amazing to look at. It?s almost perfect in every way.	5
Photograph is stunning but the story is kind of slow movie to be honest, it can get a little bit boring	3
Slow as the original, but good story. Will be enjoyed by fans of the original movie, others not so much.	4
The continuation of the spectacular, "Blade Runner" of 82 achieves an unthinkable feat, to be as good, if not better, than its predecessor, with a great script, good performances and a perfect art direction, Denis Villeneuve can do it again, we had already enchanted with "The arrival" last year, now he makes us fall in love with his film, for those who like science fiction it is impossible not to love his new work, which is the best science fiction film of recent years, surpassing until his great " arrival". The Blade Runner 2049 script does everything a good fiction has to do, think a concept of the future alienated to the present bringing with it a critique and a message, the film had everything to have a continuation with a forced script, but not , is a very clever script that brings a new concept alienated what we saw in the first, full of surprises and incantations. Bringing an extremely sexualized future, perhaps inspired by the future of "Mechanical Orange", and with many oriental influences in that future, perhaps because of the great economic and population domination that China has been taking, we do not have a beautiful and dazzling future, it is somber, dirty , without life, where the entertainment and the sex and the search of any relation with something real is the objective of life, is a future that puts in check our actions in the present, to where the world already is polluted too much, forcing an exodus causing social discomfort, where brands and companies exercise more than financial and political power, but a social power, although none of this is dealt with directly in the film, but all that is there, on the scene, in the interactions, in all, the future shown in blade runner is not something unpublished - Even because its predecessor does it - but the way it is shown is perfect and viceral. In the technical part, "Blade Runner" is a spectacle, with few special effects, but incredibly vivid and absurdly beautiful scenarios, the direction of art and photography of the film are perfect, it is a contrast of pure mastery dazzle with a depression surrounding the film, it's a palette of dark colors, and it looks like the scenarios look even more vivid and grandiose, and it looks like we're watching a movie from the '80s in 2017, and that's not a bad thing as it gives an inexplicable charm to new villeneuve film not only in photography, but in the direction of art in general, even the buttons, screens, machinery, technology concepts are those applied in the films of the 80's, "Blade Runner is already born a classic" and is right indication in the next Oscar in the category of photography, art direction and even costume, since almost all his characters have their own personality oppressed in the costumes in tiny details, and that the cruelty of the future does not open the full individuality of the costumes, and this is well portrayed in the film, and we can not fail to mention its great soundtrack, which is not grand or epic, it is synthetic, discreet, almost nostalgic, tacky and at times talk with the photograph of the film. Although the film contains a magnificent cast, we have no performance that jumps to the eye, but we also have nothing to spoil, Ryan Gosling is well as replicant, manages to be centered, indifferent and at the same time pass small feeling, Harrison Ford has a presence of absurd tel, when the same appears is impossible to notice in anything other than him, moreover, his recent laps to his classic characters makes everyone die of nostalgia and loves, save a highlight for the great Robin Wright, who seems who still does not leave House Of Cards, but this combines with his character, Sylviac Hoek, who as Ryan performs his role beautifully, and also to Ana de Armas, who with his hologram demonstrates its incredible beauty that we believe is a hologram, in addition to making numerous metaphors about virtual love and loving discoveries, and the great Jared Leto, who despite having a great costume and having incredible designs in his offices, their performance does not convince or excite. Denis Villeneuve is filming another great film, for me the director is already a natural successor to the great Ridley Scott, and if Denis finishes his career tomorrow, he would already be consecrated. Finally, contemplate one of the best films of the year, a more than worthy continuation to one of the greatest and best science fiction films of all time, well acted, well scripted, well directed, I can not point out a weakness in the film and yes to praise and applaud standing.	5
"More human than human" - well Blade Runner 2049 as the sequel to Blade Runner is not more better than before. A mere simulacrum. First, at 3 hours (!!!) this is just over long. Second, it is not like that 3 hours is spent immersing us in an gritty, dank, yet entrancing world as in the original. Yes, it has some of that, but it is just so forced in BR2049. Third, and what really brings my rating down, Gosling as the lead is just wooden.So, BR2049 is an ok movie - yet wait until its out streaming, don't even bother with pay per view.	3
A movie with an actual plot. Good pacing. Emotions were shown well.	4
Yes, the visuals were impressive. Yes, the plot was sometimes interesting. But the movie rambled along SO slowly and the music tried too hard to be an extension of the 1982 movie soundtrack. The only sci-fi movie I can think of that was more laborious is Dune. This movie is 3 HOURS LONG! They could have cut 30 minutes out of imagery alone. Why was there so much imagery? Because it was impossible to create an action oriented sequel to a 1982 movie made from a book written in 1968. The original Blade Runner was great when it came out. Watch one of the three versions available today and you will see, sort of, what P.K. Dick thought 2020 would be like back in 1968. But in 1982, Blade Runner was cutting edge in terms of dark movie and dark future. That cinematic style has run it's course. BR 2045 movie is hard to watch because it's vision of 2049 also appears to have been created in 1968 and the style mimics that of the 1982 movie. So we are watching a sci-fi movie with social norms and concepts that are older than 90% of the movie's audience with a cinematic style that, although once cutting edge, is now just tiring to watch. It could have been so much more.	3
It's so good. It's unfortunate that it's doing so bad in the box office.	4
Well this is not a bad film. 4.5/5	3
Left us breathless with visuals alone, and has more than enough deep thematic material to keep it in film classes for generations to come. Much like it?s predecessor, it has all the things for a timeless film, constructed the way timeless films ought to be.	5
Saw it twice...it?s an instant classic! Even better than the first!	5
I am not sure I should of given this movie 1 star since I feel alseep once. After hanging in there for 2 hours we walked out.	1
Overall good movie. Worth seeing at a theater for the visuals, much of which will be lost on a TV, unless it?s really big.As noted, the movie is long and could likely have benefited from a bit more editing to tighten it up. Scenes are not rushed, and played out in a relaxed way. This movie?s story line does nicely move the original story forward. I think the plot could have been a little more focused, and perhaps further analyzed by the protagonists as to whether it could really happen, or how for that matter.The sound track is massively dramatic, and over bearing at times in relation to what you are watching on the screen. I think this is my only real beef with the movie. The movie at times gives the sense you?re watching a movie as awesome as Mad Max Fury Road, but then it pulls back a little and you realize it?s good, very good, but not quite that good.Harrison Ford is great, he seems to embellish the part again and does a great job. Overall recommend seeing it.	3
Just as good as the hype says it is.	5
much as i love mist and villeneuve's atmospheric visuals, i simply could not see the forest for the trees in this longdrawn melodrama	3
Beautiful. Contrast of dark and bright colors makes this film truly something breathtaking to view. If I were an avid fan of the original film I might be more inclined to give this a lower score, but as it stands I find myself with slight knowledge of the Bladerunner universe(which I believe I benefit from) and I quite enjoyed it. I think the writing suffers a bit but the heartfelt moments and humor score big. I give the acting a a good score. Writing overall is good, but some elements seem to fall by the wayside. Good chemistry between Gosling and all his co-stars, and a great use of a seasoned Harrison Ford. Well worth the theater trip and will possibly catch it again on streaming or TV but have no strong urge to seek out a re watch.	3
Solid movie. Too long, but Honestly I can't think what needs to be cut.	4
Too long for no reason. It wouldn't make any different if you saw one hour, or hours, or the entire film. May were board or had fallen asleep!	1
Absolutely the greatest movie I think I've ever seen. Brilliant, beautiful and deep	5
Very under appreciated yet well thought out movie. It has many deeper themes and symbols that needs a more mature and thoughtful viewing to understand. It was well developed and entertaining.	5
great visuals, decent story, but not that exciting	3
If Blade Runner (the first one) left a lasting impression on you, then I think you will probably be happy with this sequel. However, some of the "wow factor" that came with the first one (such as from being immersed in the grim-looking, hi-tech-yet-dilapidated future Earth; synthetic humans having extraordinary abilities; questions about what "a living thing" is and whether it has a soul; and even some of the hunt-down-and-fight-with-the-bad-guys action scenes) could not be replicated (no pun intended) in this film, because many satisfying films and TV shows since then (like the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica) built upon and entertainingly fed us such themes and elements. So, this sequel came across to me as a slow-burning extension of the first film, with some now-familiar themes and feel that will probably disappoint those who just want to be thrilled by lots of action, visual effects and slap-me-on-the-back camaraderie (I'm thinking of the many comic book-based films that have come out over the past several years, such as those in the Avenger franchise). The pace of the film may be slow, but it is deliberate and kept my interest. It takes its time to bathe you in its setting, characters and unfolding plot. At well over 2.5 hours, I rarely felt as though footage was unnecessary. I thought that some of the acting was superb. I agree with the "Critics Consensus" that it is "visually stunning and narratively satisfying." As I suggested before, I just don't think it will be satisfying for those who show up more for action and thrills.	4
A very dark and depressing view of humanity and the future. Even the music was offendingly harsh.	1
better than expected, blaring music soundtrack appropreau' to future setting, RGosling was a great bladerunner; the setting where he meets HFord allows unexpected comic relief, enjoyed sequel very much, good setup for next..thumbs up	4
if I can, just .5 lower than the original. Love it.	5
Borrows from the original a lot and Drive, Star Wars, Fury Road, Dredd, and Fifth Element; feels a lot smaller scale than it tries to get across and loses a lot of the love of the original but adopts much of the convoluted plot issues. Where the original gave the audience questions about perfection and identity the sequel talks down to the audience and questions why you can't keep up. It's about as good as the original, a feat in cinematography and music. Also chugs out enough product placement that you feel like you're paying for every shot you enjoy. Just a summary of everything wrong with modern cinema, is it 5 stars? will anyone make a low budget sci fi that contends with it? probably not, perhaps it symbolizes the death of originality and the height of cash grabbing sequels	4
Exciting cinematography in the opening scenes of Blade Runner 2049: the noir tones of the original film replaced by ashy whites of a dusty landscape that looked like either an alkali farm or Ice Station Zebra. This was the perfect photographic "negative," a brighter view, suggesting that things hidden would be revealed, normalcy and daylight would let us examine the issues raised in the original without that dank sense of dread.And Ryan Gosling, the perfect emcee, he of LaLaLand and The New Micky Mouse Club. Like a talk show host he would take care of us. The point of the original Blade Runner was that no one took care of you. That's why people love it, it's uncompromising, gemlike, almost cruel. How I longed for the discipline of the sharp cut after two hours and forty-nine minutes of this metastasized bloat. The visuals quickly turned gray and derivative. You would think in 32 years the landscape would have changed beyond plunking down giant holographic ballerinas in the same post-apocalyptic cityscape.The only bread-leavening (see previous review of the original) is a confusing, overblown plot, one that screams for another sequel in which the "humane" replicants will begin to breed and rebel against the machine-like cruel humans. Perhaps their leader will be named "Caesar". We've seen this story before in the many wretched "Planet of the Apes" sequels and reboots which will never displace that masterful original.The original Blade Runner grapples with issues of what it means to be human, whether it's a meaningful distinction, and whether death adds to that meaning. In the sequel the desire of the replicants isn't "more life," it's the ability to reproduce through birth, without a master-builder. But the sequel never delves into why the manner in which you are produced matters. It's a rich question: humans can be seen as bound by determinism, genetic inheritance, social conditioning - to what extent does free will exist, what does it import that we can we change our genetic code via epigenetics? And to what extent are replicants able to have free will ? The fact that the Nexus 6 models rebelled, which was not programmed into them, suggests they do have at least some independence.The only way that these questions can be made compelling is placed in the context of relationships between characters. The failure to do that is the central weakness of the original Blade Runner and also of Blade Runner 2049. The original was structured in a way that this weakness mattered less: it was fractalized, episodic, promethean in it's vision. A successful sequel cannot be visually imitative, and is only successful if it moves the concepts of the original forward, in other words, if it adds. Adding more plot does not count, it makes things worse. Watching this film I felt like I'd been dumped into season 4 of "A Game of Thrones" without ever having seen an episode beforehand.Hampton Fancher, was bitterly upset after getting replaced by David Peoples as a writer on the original, and he layers on every plot twist he can think of. Is "K" the first-born child of replicant Rachael, and maybe-replicant Deckerd? Or was that a female child? Or they were twins so both? Would that mean we now have races of reproducing replicants, along with humans? Why does this matter? Because the replicants are so much smarter and stronger and would crush the humans? Would they employ their own non-breeding replicant helpers? This movie bites off way more than it or the audience can chew.I respected the effort to raise issues like that, it's just that Blade Runner 2049's weaknesses highlighted it's other weaknesses: the confusing themes called for characters who could embody and transcend them. Instead we get impish Ryan Gosling who like Sarah Jessica Parker, seems always aware of his own celebrity. And the new slurring Harrison Ford who makes an appearance 90 minutes in, has transformed into an actor who always seems partially demented and wild-eyed, like an old man ordering kids to get off his lawn.How are we to believe that he is soulful and had a great love for Rachael? They had no chemistry in the original. Deckerd-manque "K" falls in love with his hologram-cyber-geisha - again to what end, why, and based on what? Nothing we saw on the screen. This movie was created as a launching pad for a slew of studio-system sequels, ones in which the interesting questions will be buried in proxy myth: "they are human because they stick together", "sacrifice for the group makes us all better". How this is from the bracing: "I want more life, fucker!".Let's try to really be creative and think of how the themes raised in the original movie could have been developed, advanced, without Villanueve's derivative treatment:The world is vastly different from what it was 32 years ago. Humans are no longer crowded into wet alleys and overcrowded cities. They are in brightly-lit but sterile parsected sections of land on 9 planets. It's hard to tell how old people are because they have had parts of themselves replaced and enhanced. At the same time replicants are self-learning and can imitate humans perfectly. The Blade Runner killers have selected for only those replicants who can pass the "20 Questions" test, and these do in fact exist since Tyrell created "special" models, like we saw with Rachael. Some humans have artificial wombs, as do some replicants.Humans can form relationships with replicants and not realize they are replicants. Humans can have parts of their brains rewired through nanotechnology. At this point there is no longer meaningful distinction exists between humans and replicants. No one needs to die. Certainty exists. And this triggers a crisis. When you have everything what do you have? What do you lack? You lack meaningful struggle.People (humans and replicants) start to die, to self-retire, for no apparent reason. Is it because of a malevolent AI or is it the only volitional act anyone has left to make? The new "K" is on a mission to find out. He must hope it is a malevolent Artificial General Intelligence or even his own struggle will be meaningless. It turns out Roy Batty and Pris, who were "special" replicants had a girl child before they died, who hid out as one of Sebastian's toys. She is now 32 years old and is just as invested in finding out why people are mysteriously self-retiring as K is, because it turns out that Roy Batty did not have to die, he CHOSE to die. Her inherent conflict with "K" - since K's father, Deckerd killed her mother Pris is eclipsed by their shared mission. They begin to bond. They discover that there IS a malevolent Artificial General Intelligence and are able to defuse it right before it goes into singularity. After they do this they feel the weight of that original certainty, now the meaninglessness comes back. But just then they are informed that unexpected neural networks have started appearing shortly after communication has been established with a species from a new planet.I think it would be interesting to create a film that centers around what would give life meaning when we are all half-machines (and we are getting closer with Elon Musk's Neuralink initiative), versus Blade Runner 2049's reduction of identity to born vs. not-born.	2
Superbe suite. Tres reussie.	4
SPOILERS AHEAD:Loved: Sad, atmospheric, dream-like, fascinating, visually stunning with a beautiful soundtrack... Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford are both excellent in it. I preferred it to the original. Hated: All of the female characters are either sex objects, slaves, killed violently, a combination of the prior mentioned things, coming out of nowhere to ask the main character to "join the rebellion" (an idea which was not revisited), or not very well explained and trapped in a bubble LOL... except also not LOL because this was so frustrating, sad, and depressing - the movie didn't really have any characters - male or female - questioning the wrongness of women being used as objects! It made me want to re-watch Mad Max: Fury Road to be empowered again. There were a lot of female characters in Blade Runner 2047, but we didn't get to know them like we do the male characters. Major bummer. Also, the film was too long and maybe should have been two movies, with more development of the female characters. ;) I DID get into it and was very entertained, but I also feel guilty about that because - c'mon! Women deserve better representation in film. Voilà.	3
Without a doubt the main strength of the film is the spectacular visuals. Every scene is stunning and yet despite the dystopian sci-fi setting feels incredibly real. Both the visuals and the sound make it feel like you could just walk in that world and live within it. Roger Deakins as cinematographer proves yet again that he is probably the best cinematographer living today. The film really is a marvel of cinematography and visual effects. Make no doubt about it, this film is more than a worthy sequel to the brilliant original Blade Runner and should be remembered on it's own as a masterpiece in itself.	4
A Visually Stunning and Well Told Film! Surpasses The Original with an engaging story that expands the universe of Blade Runner as a Whole. Harrison Ford returns as Rick Deckard and does one of his best performances. Ryan Gosling is also solid and absolutely fine in his performance as K. A Must See!	5
Amazing cinematography and acting	5
A classic movie. The acting, story and visuals were super. Great twists. Clever and quality.	5
WHAT A DISAPOINTMENT!!!Sure the first scene with Batista was great, as well as a few others, but this film is soooooooooooooo slow paced, and yap yap yap, but saying little, why did they even bother making this film if they couldnt get Ridley Scott to direct it?I give it a "C". And anyone who's loved the 1st one like i did, wait for it on netflix!	2
fell asleep...enough said	1
Ridley Scott's Blade Runner is perhaps the most influential science fiction movie ever made. Scott's dystopian vision has influenced so many filmmakers over the decades but I wanna dedicate this review to the people behind of the most recent Blade Runner movie that took 35 years in the making. I had to see Blade Runner three times in theaters to be able to write my review on it. It took me that long to process my thoughts about it because seeing it repeatedly might open new insights I could write about. Blade Runner 2049 is one of my most anticipated films of the year not because I'm a Blade Runner fan but because I am a fan of Denis Villeneuve's filmmaking style.This man who is doing no wrong in my eyes right now brings excitement in his films, he doesn't improve in every movie he directed because he knows what he's capable of as a filmmaker and that's what he delivers in Enemy, Prisoners, Sicario & last year's Arrival where he got his first Oscar nomination for Best Director, simply makes him one of the most exciting filmmakers of our time. What he gives us this year is filmmaking as its finest.You don't need to be a hardcore Blade Runner fan to appreciate 2049 because it is a stand alone film from start to finish. Ryan Gosling in his excellent performance plays Officer 'K' a.k.a Joe, who is also called a Blade Runner, tasked to hunt old replicants after Tyrell corporation went bankrupt. (For those who haven't seen the movie, I won't give away the story, but you'll know what I mean when you see this film) his work in his movie ranks as one of his best performances. Denis Villeneuve makes sure that we'd feel his emotion through his eyes and Gosling is excellent selling those emotions.The supporting cast gives standout performances, too. Starting with Ana De Armas' work as Joi, Joe's hologram love interest who also brings most of film's emotional heft. De Armas' performance is so compelling, you can't take your eyes off her. Sylvia Hoeks gives a nomination-worthy performance as Luv, Wallace's sidekick who is the true villain of the movie. She's merciless and proves that she can kick as. She's captivating throughout. Harrison Ford has given a tremendous work as Rick Deckard, a role he once portrayed in the original movie. As well as the other supporting cast such as Robin Wright, Mackenzie Davis, Dave Bautista, Jared Leto and Barkhad Abdi.A lot of people are complaining about its runtime, but the movie requires that pacing and runtime for us to fully realize the mystery of the movie. And 2049 was able to capture it beautifully. The movie is able to find ways to look fresh to us while sustaining its faithfulness to the source material.Dennis Villenueve hires people who understands his approach, starting with his cinematographer and his third collaboration with Roger Deakins, whose been nominated for multiple Oscars but hasn't won any. His work in 2049 is masterful, unlike anything we've ever seen. Deakins has created a marvelous world that feels modern, but able to sustain the presence of the first movie. The visual style is astonishing, the sound design is palpable and groundbreaking. Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch musical composition is powerful. Right from the very first shot of the film, you are instantly in it. That's how powerful the score is. It captures the atmosphere and the mood of the entire movie. 2049 may earn Hans Zimmer his second Oscar-worthy work this year, after his staggering work for Dunkirk. I'd also like to highlight Johanne Johannson's 'main theme' that we got to listen from the movie, that particular track is stunning and blew me away.BLADE RUNNER 2049 has joined the group of this year's very best films. It is a monumental achievement that defines what cinema was made for. One of the best movie sequels of all time and deserves to be called one of the greatest science fiction movies of all time.The Movie of the Year.	5
Bad acting, slow and confusing plot, boring, total waste of time. There was no need for it to be that long.	1
I really loved the original Blade Runner and thought 2049 was an excellent sequel. It is a little long, but also didn't feel like it dragged. If you are into this kind of movie, I highly recommend it.	4
"Blade Runner 2049" is an amazing achievement on a technical and story driven level. With great performances and an Oscar worthy soundtrack to top it all off. It fully engages you the whole three hours.	4
Good ass movie that's all	4
86 db in the theatre I went to - loud annoying music. Film felt dragged out.	2
Action packed and visually amazing, Blade Runner 2049 is a must watch for everyone.	4
Some cool sets and special effects for sure, but I felt, for the most part, ready for the movie to be over so I could get on with my life. I remember reading somebody's hilarious review of "Pacific Rim" a couple of years ago that I'm just going to repeat for this film: "Long, slow, loud, dark, wet... pretty much like watching an elephant giving birth."	2
Muuuuuch better than the first one. Yes LONG and SLOW but somehow I would stay for another hour ... great world and mythology created, reminded me a lot the world of Fallout and Fallout New Vegas. Ryan Gosling is really great in it ... I don't know why it failed commercially...	4
Loud, long, dark, didn?t get it. Not for kids, or adults for that matter.	2
Very boring. The loud sound fx were the only thing that kept me awake. However, visually it was amazing. It's a good movie to have in the background while your doing something else more fun.	2
Again - not enough Jared Leto but definitely worth seeing.	3
This is why you go to the movies, The cinematography is phenomenal! Great performances from the entire cast and definitely a rare sequel that's worth going to(more than once)	4
Exceptional in every area. The antagonist is pointless but that and his empty dialogue could be symbolic. I saw it twice. Every scene is visually stunning, in every sense of the word.	5
Excellent score and acting by Gosling	3
Great Movie!!! It's a homage to the predecessor but get his own style,	5
Blade Runner 2049 was an excellent sequel to a clasic with good acting, spectacular visuals and beautiful cinematography	5
only first 10 minutes and last 10 min is watchable. VERY BORING.	1
If you liked the first blade runner, you will like this one. Much of the same heavily stylized camera movements and diolog, but with a new story and new characters.	4
Totally awe-inspiring cinema with a poignant and mysterious storyline. Deserves to be seen at the movie theatre.	5
Violent, bleak, intriguing and surprising, Blade Runner 2049 is an unexpected bloom in the desolate landscape of recent sci-fi releases. Worthwhile.	4
Blade Runner 2049 is a visually stimulating, thought-provoking masterpiece of movie making. Of the many questions it asks of its viewers, the one that kept repeating in my mind as I watched was, "Is this the best movie I have ever seen?" It is The Dark Knight good.As much as I would love to delve deep into the plot with you, it would be a crime to spoil any of 2049 for you. Let's just say that questions will get answered, questions will get asked, and things will get wrapped up at the end....tho more movies could follow. ;)Director Denis Villeneuve, along with Writers Hampton Fancher and Michael Green, and Executive Producer Ridley Scott, have constructed a world that presents Los Angeles as a dark, eternally raining, visually breath-taking fantasy land. In fact, the visuals are so beautiful you could watch all 164 minutes with the dialogue turned off. In fact, I hope the blu ray will feature a "Music Only" track option.As for their story........The two leads, Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford, have never been better. I have to confess that I have never been a fan of Gosling's as the first movie I ever saw him in was The Notebook, and have - unfairly or not - held this against him for years. ; ) However, after his performance in 2049 and The Nice Guys, he better be careful cos I'm starting to develop a strong man-crush on him. His muted performance as Blade Runner Officer K (think Philip K.) should gain him - at least - an Oscar nomination.I believe an Oscar win for Harrison Ford as Best Supporting Actor is all but locked up. His reprisal of the role of Rick Deckard: Blade Runner/Human/Replicant (?) is one of "the last true larger-than-life Hollywood star's" finest performances. Ever. Whether Deckard is a human/replicant/something else doesn't matter here - the humanity and emotion Ford brings to his multi-layered performance is one for the ages.Concerning the rest of the cast, Ana de Armas is terrific as K's virtual, live-in girlfriend, Joi (I always wondered what Siri looked like - she's pretty cute). She, as a hologram, ALSO asks the question of what is like to be a sentient being, and credit to de Armas for a performance that leads us to take this question seriously....so does Joi's and K's love scene; yes, you read that right. She also provides the answer to this: Do we spend too much time in our (quite inferior by comparison) virtual worlds today and miss out/ignore what is happening all around us? Uh, yes.Jared Leto is at his creepy best as Niander Wallace, the new maker of "more human than human" replicants. Along with his partner-in-crime Luv, (Sylvia Hoeks) they....well, I won't spoil anything for you, but the dude has a greater "god complex" than Tyrell ever imagined, and, well....you know....Finally, the score by Benjamin Wallfisch and Hans Zimmer is a beautiful homage to Vangelis, and Elvis and Frank show up, too, proving once again that even in 2049, their music is timeless.So, where did Deckard and Rachel go at the end of Blade Runner? What does it mean to be human? Maybe "sentinent" is a better word. What IF replicants can do something (hint, hint) ONLY humans are supposed to be able to do? These questions are asked right from the beginning....as K is a replicant - or so he's been told. He, um, wants to be more than this....which leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard. As with Luke Skywalker these days, Deckard has vanished, but since he perhaps has the answers to all of K's questions, one in particular - K sets out looking for him....but at this point, K also has a lot of people after *him* so....when he meets up with Deckard - and Elvis and Frank and Marilyn ;) - it all hits the virtual fan.164 minutes never went by so fast. You won't get bored. Denis Villeneuve, along with Cinematographer Roger Deakins, should both get Oscar nods for their work on this film. I mean, talk about layering. On ONE hand, this is such a beautifully created world, one could - as I said - watch this with the dialogue turned OFF. OR....it a terrific Neo-Neo-Noir detective story. THIRD....it is all of the above with questions asked by all of the Philosophers throughout all the ages. It is amazing how just how much story and Easter Eggs can be packed into only 164 minutes. There are so many homages and nod/winks to (fans of) the first film: a pot boiling over on a stove, a massive Atari advertisement, (Philip) K driving a spinner made by Peugeot........but you get my point. So, go see this sequel - NOT a remake - to Blade Runner and when the blu ray comes out I plan to come back and update this review with all the info about the disc(s) - I just hope it is sooner rather than later.Thanks for reading.	5
Enjoyed it. Great cinematography. Dialogue made it a little hard to follow the story but I also didn't see the first one.	4
Didn't enjoy it. I saw a lot effort was made to make it. But sorry. Just dragged. And I can accept slow pace. Eg no country for old men. But this went no where fast	2
An absolute visual masterpiece. Although not on the same level as its predecessor, Blade Runner 2049 is a slow and Complex movie that will absorb you in its deep story. Make no mistake, this is no Blockbuster, but a powerful meditation on the nature of identity.One of the greatest films of all time.	5
Horrible, long, extremely long, boreing and LOUD.. They could have told the whole story in 44 minutes and saved everyone 2 hours of a boreing movie. I think the critics were either stoned or drunk when they rated it.	2
painfully long, some beautiful scenes ...would have been 3 stars if half as long...	1
Better than thew original!!	5
This review page shattered the trust I hade in rotten tomatoes.Blade Runner 2049 is a not subtle and poorly executed rehash of Blade Runner nostalgia moments hiding an uncompelling barely existant plot.If it was acted a bit better than a 3rd grade recital I could have looked past it as a sign of times changing, but every dialog is an excruciating display of poor/flat/uninspired acting. Gosling is not a surprise, he never acted in Driver and it still was a hit, but all the other performances leveling down to his really broke my cyberpunk loving heart.	2
Obra de arte en lo visual, en la actuación, en los detalles, en etc. Explica muchas cosas de la original. El PEDO es larguísima, aburre por momentos, y al final deja muchas lineas abiertas, cuando ni si quiera es seguro una secuela.	4
fucking awesome ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????punk ?????????????????	5
Boring, just found myself and my wife just waiting for it to be over.	1
Fantastic! It was like taking a sound bath.	4
Fantastic visuals, acting and story. Nostalgia aside, I think this film was better then the original.	4
Fantastic Visuals, Great Story and amazing acting. This is and outstanding sequal as well as its own accomplishment.	5
The great sequel to restore the original from 1982 and showed us more dystopian future. Absolutely amazing visual art done by cinematographer, Roger Deakins. Have to mention that Jared Leto's performance gave me goosebumps. 2.5 hours running time did not seem too long at all. The Best movie I have watched in 2017. Wait....You must watch it with Imax before they take it down. :)	4
Instant masterpiece ð'-	5
Watch the original the night before. This one ties into it in several subtle ways : Blade Runner 2049 A superb sequel and is visually stunning and much more cerebral than I originally anticipated. The action was great, although I wish there was more of it (thus the 1/2 star). The acting and plot were wonderful. The performances are a bit subdued and understated...which is how they should be...it's the subtlety that makes them more powerful. What we don't quite know that intrigues us as the audience. Everything that it is, it is meant to be...and that makes for a perfect cinematic experience. Successful execution in every way.	5
Boring and disappointing effort. Surprised by high ratings on Rotten Tomatoes.	1
An immensely satisfying sequel to one of the greatest science fiction films of all time.	5
Stunningly wonderful. I've seen it three times now, and am gutted that it's now finished on the big screen circuit and I can't go some more. The 3D version is by far the best , incidentally. Better even than the Imax version. Is it as good as the original? No, in that the original had more intensity, broke so much new ground, had more attention to detail and of course a better soundtrack. But this new film is still astonishingly good. I've enjoyed it more and got more out of it on each viewing, and not once did the long run time ever feel a drag. Sadly, I suspect that it won't be the same cult hit that the original was, because watching it at home is just going to lose so much of its impact. And it's never going to win over the younger audience, who generally just don't seem to have the attention span for films like this any more. But it deserves to be recognised as a truly great film.	5
2+ hours of stunning fan service. I must have the soundtrack!	4
I really fell like this fell short... I will start by saying the cinematography was outstanding, and the actors performance was overall incredible. But in rewards to a substantive plot that was able to stand on its own... it was heavily lacking. I would not recommend anyone to see this unless they have a particular interest in the genre / series. Otherwise it will come off as preachy or boring -- granted with great acting and artistic scenes	3
Better than the original	5
Not a movie for everyone. Fans of the first Blade Runner will love this movie, even people who like mystery sci-fi movies will like this. but I can see how the casual moviegoers could get "bored" because there are some scenes which drag on for a bit. except that the 2 things that stood out were Roger Deakins' cinematography and the music score by Zimmer and Wallfisch. Great performances by Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford and Denis Villenueve has once again shown us that he's one of the best directors working right now.	4
Visually stunning and superior in terms of special effects plus providing a creatively detailed depiction of the future where technology plays a vital role in everything, from flying cars, holographic Elvis concerts to digital girlfriends - BLADE RUNNER 2049 upgrades Harrison Ford's already outstanding cinematic value in spite of Jared Leto's robotic, wooden performance (his acting in the movie will NOT win him a second Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor) and the movie's editors deliberately making the whole movie go really slow (as in stupid slow) to delay Harrison Ford's arrival for dramatic effect.The movie's best components: Visual Effects: A+ Artistic Creativity: A++ Science Fiction Creativity: A++ Acting: A for Harrison FordThe movie's worst components - although none stopped me from giving a perfect 5-star rating. Editing: D minus (the whole movie is too fucking slow) Writing: C minus - plot wasn't that special, the visual effects spoke for themselves without needing so much background story but there were too many MOTHERFUCKING words when the movie started! Show, Don't Tell! I'm not the kind of guy who enjoys reading a long essay and then seeing the movie. Acting: F for Jared Leto and F minus for Carla Juri	5
Great scenes and shots throughout this film. We return to the world of blade runner. The film was exhaustively long and could be trimed down by a good half hour. There are many things in this world that are not explained. I've noticed in this film and others there's a deafening horn pulse or metal churn beat. Its a staple now with sci fi films.	2
Truly worthy of the name Blade Runner. That should tell you all you need to know.	5
Imaginative and true to original.	4
Entertaining albeit a bit plodding, but one really needs to be fully energized to go through the highs and lows of this nearly three hour movie. It nicely revisits for those who've seen the prior, and stands on its own . . would like to have seen maybe a 2 hour cut.	3
Strikes a true balance between new and old. Denis Villeneuve has a perfect filmmaking record in my mind, and Blade Runner 2049 continues that trend with aplomb.	4
Plodding pace but stunning visuals and worthy follow-up to original.	3
Very contemplative film. Makes you just want to stare ahead while driving home.	3
Much more ambitious than the original cult classic, Blade Runner 2049 is a contemplative science fiction that expands the universe seen in that film. Full review on filmotrope. com	4
An excellent sequel to the great 1982 film that proves to be interesting all on its own.	4
After watching this movie, I don't understand the hype. Some of the panoramic scenes are great but the story could have been told so much quicker.	1
What is brilliant about this film is that it makes you feel like you felt watching the first one but in such a different tone. A master piece of its time and a keepsake for the future of sci-fi.	5
Denis Villenueve pulls no punches bringing a sequel that honors the material of its predecessor, while expanding the mythology into new territory. It's just unfortunate that the film appears obsessed with its own spectacle and visual artistry to adequately drive the thought-provoking narrative home.	3
A sequel no one asked for nor wanted, yet somehow manages to surpass the original in some respects.	5
I've been thinking about this movie every day since I saw it. An unbelievable achievement for any movie, much less a sequel to a beloved and groundbreaking work. Visually wonderful. The story is as rich as it is timely. Ultimately left me gutted.	5
Given that Blade Runner 2049 was released in theaters almost three weeks ago, I understand that I am very late to the review party. I wanted to see the film on its opening weekend, but since I hadn't seen the original Blade Runner I decided to wait. I finally got around to watching Ridley Scott's sci-fi classic last week after ordering the Blu-Ray from Amazon, so I was officially prepared to go see the new one. I finally got around to doing it on Tuesday night, braving 40-degree temperature and cold rain to make it to the movie theater on my bike. However, all the waiting and endurance of harsh weather paid off.Blade Runner 2049 takes place 30 years after the events of the original, and once again is set in the futuristic, dystopian Los Angeles, which has turned into a dark, rainy megalopolis populated by a diverse mix of cultures and people of all shapes and sizes. The main character here is K, played by Ryan Gosling, who is a "blade runner" who works for the LAPD. Blade runners, for those of you who don't know, hunt down and kill older model "replicants," which are essentially artificially-created humans used for slave labor in "off-world" colonies (i.e., other planets). In the film, K is the latest model of the replicant, a model that is only legal due to its strict obedience to its superiors. I won't give you much more background about the film, since even the vaguest information about the film's plot crosses the line into spoiler territory. When I walked out of this film, I was speechless. But not in the way you might think: I expected myself to fall in love with the film (which, for the most part, I did), but I left the theater with emotions and conflicting opinions swelling up in my brain. So, I decided to wait to write my review and develop an opinion on the film, to give it a couple of days to sink in. After intense thought on the film and its execution, as well as reviewing discussions and forums on the film online, I have arrived at my conclusion.Blade Runner 2049 is a fantastic science-fiction masterpiece unparalleled in its visual beauty, sound editing, and themes. It is unique in the fact that it exists to be a film, not a movie. I like to distinguish between those two words (although I often use them interchangeably), because each have a different connotation. A movie, in my opinion, follows more along the lines of a blockbuster. Movies are made to entertain, to make money, or to set up some sort of cinematic universe. They can be good, yes, and some of my favorite cinematic pieces are indeed movies. Film, on the other hand, constitutes something much different. Films are made to showcase acting, to explore deep themes about our human condition, or to tell a real, genuine story. Films are not concerned with satisfying fans or setting up a film universe. Rather, they focus on trying to tell focused stories that don't need sequels. Blade Runner 2049 is, first and foremost, a film. And it is a damn good one. It does things I haven't seen a film do in a long time.First of all, the cinematography and the visuals on display here are breathtaking. Like the original Blade Runner, much of the story told in 2049 is told visually. We are given little dialogue to inform us as to what is going on or what kind of universe the story in set in. Instead, we are treated to long, beautiful shots of the environment, which provide details regarding the state of mankind and its planet. Second of all, the sound editing is some of the best I have heard in a while, comparable to another one of my favorite films, Arrival (which, probably not coincidentally, is also directed by Denis Villeneuve). Third of all, the acting is all-around terrific. Gosling does a fantastic job as K portraying a replicant that sometimes shows no emotion but also sometimes shows very intense emotion. It is obvious that he is a sad, broken character who wants to find his purpose in the world, and it is portrayed brilliantly. Harrison Ford also does an awesome job, thankfully, and his performance in the film is nuanced and welcomed. Finally, another thing that the film does an excellent job at is exploring the theme of humanity. Namely, what is it that makes us human? Is it our tendency for conflict? Is it our ability to shed emotion? Is it the fact that we can give birth to children? What distinguishes humans that are born from humans that are made? Is it the presence of a soul? All of those questions are things the film explores, and it gives it a powerful undertone.My one issue with Blade Runner 2049 is the slow pacing of it. Granted, I knew this was an inevitable fact about the film. Like the original, the events in the film happen very slowly, and rarely do things pick up to an intense, teeth-grinding moment. As someone who can't sit still for very long, it presented a problem for me that prevented me from enjoying the film as much as I wanted to. Regardless of that, I am still determined to buy the film upon its release and watch it multiple times. It is the type of film to make you want to do that, since you will get something new from it every time. In the end, Blade Runner 2049 is a long science-fiction epic. Understandably, not everyone will enjoy it because of the length and pacing. However, if you are the type of person to critically analyze the quality of a film and absorb the messages it serves to you, you are going to love it. I give Blade Runner 2049 4 out of 5 stars, and I hope that I will happily add the final star onto it once I've watched it again.	4
Director Denis Villeneuve's Arrival was one of my favourite films of recent years and I've always been a Blade Runner fan, however I was left a little disappointed by this film. The chief problem is that it is just far too long and rather self indulgent. I watched the original, complete with That voice-over the night before seeing this and I must say, it didn't hold up as well as I thought it would. The sexual politics were very dodgy with women in very submissive roles and Sean Young's Rachael quite poorly underwritten. Sadly, this continued to be the case for me In the new film. Ryan Gosling is exceedingly blank and hard to root for as K, this movie's Blade Runner. His hard nosed lady boss is an underused Robin Wright and the chief baddie is also female, but he also has a live-in computer sex bot virtual girlfriend and we get a bunch of sex workers popping up too including Halt & Catch Fire's Mackenzie Davis who gets a deeply weird sex scene!On the plus side, the film is absolutely gorgeous to look at, but that running time had me losing interest in the plot, even when Harrison Ford's Deckard turns up after about 2 hours. Couldn't tell you what the film was about now if I tried! Definitely style over substance unfortunately...	3
Loved this maybe the best movie I saw this year Great story and twists you might have to know the first one to really appreciate this. Movie was loud too where I went to go see.	4
The movie is at least 30 minutes too long. At times it feels like it is playing out in real time. All in all, it is just painfully boring.	2
Ryan Gosling is a great pick for a replicant, since his face hardly ever changes expression (twice in this film). Lots of it were great.	4
Some action, some suspense, slow spots, even after reading the book I don't understand the full context of how LA ended up the way it did and the myth of blade runners. The plot twists felt genuine.	3
Ridley Scott can stop directing. Denis Villeneuve won. (also, the screenwriters for BR are amazing).	5
An excellent move but not for everyone. I would say it is an even slower burn than the first movie but well worth it. With the audio and visuals in this movie you should definitely try and see it in theaters.	4
Cinematography - excellent!Acting - great! May have had room to be better.Music - a bit overbearing with the low rumbling parts, but otherwise good.Pace - slower than your typical movie today, but probably appropriate. It's not intended to be focused purely on action. It's also investigation and contemplation.Set design - I hope this wins something because these set designs fit so well with the original movie and current movie's atmosphere. Someone had an excellent sci-fi world imagined and it definitely showed.	4
With Blade Runner 2049, Villeneuve hasn't just outdone himself. He has outdone most directors working today. This rare sequel that truly merits it's existence, sumptuously photographed by legendary cinematographer Roger Deakins in the finest and most astonishing work of his career. It's a deep, rich, smart film that's visually awesome and full of great sci-fi concepts, and one that was well worth the 35-year wait. See it!	5
Would have been a great movie if balanced. Some very slow paces and others way too fast and incomplete.	2
Not better than the original, but certainly as good as. Pro tip: Watch the original the night before. This one ties into it in several subtle ways.	5
Visually stunning but dull confusing story... it was ok but more endurance than entertaining	3
Snore fest, if it was an hour shorter it would have been good!	1
good visual effects complicated story line with a thin plot	3
Visually great but lacked substance. Great concept of future like the original but failed to deliver on the coupe de grace	3
Mind-blowing in the truest sense of the word. A groundbreaking feat that stands high above the load of dystopian garbage that's everywhere today.	5
Vapid. The storyline was linear and pedictable. Too many characters and story arcs that went nowhere. I feel it lacks the focus and vision of the original Blade Runner.	2
A fantastic adventure...however maybe a bit shorter duration.	4
Disappointing - much too gory. Left the cinema	2
I'm like eh. It was ok.	3
***REPLICANTS AIN'T SINGIN' ON LA LA LAND'S FREEWAY OVERPASSES, YET. I SMELL SEQUEL***	3
best movie I've seen in years. epic and anxious	5
Denis Villeneuve has amazingly, almost impossibly, honored the highbrow sci-fi concepts of the original while improving on it in nearly every regard. And make no mistake, this is a $185 million art house film - it is deliberate, it is philosophical - and it shows. Roger Deakins has framed one of the most beautifully shot and technically perfect films I have ever seen.9.5/10 -- Blade Runner 2049 is a gorgeous and cerebral sci-fi masterpiece and with it Denis Villenueve has firmly planted his flag as our newest master auteur.Note: The original Blade Runner is required viewing and if you enjoyed and/or appreciated that classic then I would also recommend searching Youtube for the 3 shorts they created to fill in the 30 year gap between films.	5
A superb sequel that captures the tone and ambience of the original and yet still delves into many of Phillip K. Dicks themes about identity and humanity. THe lighting is is amazing with dynamic sweeps changing a scene and water reflections adding a surreal feel to some of the sets. Only let down by a couple of small plot holes that occur when the new BR meets the old BR. Should win a swag of Oscars	5
Blade Runner 2049 is visually stunning and much more cerebral than I originally anticipated. The action was great, although I wish there was more of it (thus the 1/2 star). The acting and plot were wonderful. The performances are a bit subdued and understated...which is how they should be...it's the subtlety that makes them more powerful. What we don't quite know that intrigues us as the audience. Everything that it is, it is meant to be...and that makes for a perfect cinematic experience. Successful execution in every way.	4
Loved this film. Expands the world of the great original with better characters and story. Movie is so engrossing, time flies by.	5
An exceptional piece of art, clever, visually and aurally stunning but really could do with small cuts all round, scenes dragged out to the point it started to feel self indulgent in a Tarantino way but that still doesn't stop it from being one of the best movies of the year..	4
A great sequel, and very faithful to the original. The movie is absolutely gorgeous with a captivating story. The film might be too long for some people, and the film is pretty heavy on the dialogues. I was never bored the film, but some people might find it boring.	5
I've seen it twice now and it's definitely one of my favorite movies. The visuals, story and characters are what movie-making is all about. I'm still talking and theorizing about it and can't wait to see it again. A visceral experience.	5
Just about perfect. want to go see it again already! Loads of simpletons giving this 1/2 a star? Have seen it again 2 weeks later. It got better!!	5
This movie blows.... Its super slow and there are times you do not know what the hell is happening	1
Direction was solid. The visuals were, of course, stunning. A bit overlong, though.	3
Such a big fan of the 82 release yet this was a major let down drawn out way too long. Slow is an understatement and don?t be mislead by all the 4-5 star ratings ...it?s from people that loved it before they saw it. Such a let down for big fans of the original like my family.	1
boring, boring, boring	1
How iconic was the first "Blade Runner", how many creators it inspired to create new films in the science fiction genre, how many things it predicted, what philosophical thoughts it was conveying. Many fans of the first film expected to see something similar, but Denis Villeneuve introduced us his view of the universe, while retaining the spirit of the first film.Story. The creators of the film made every effort to keep the story in secret, and this was not done in vain. In order not to reveal the essence of the story, I just want to say that this is a story about how one way or another, everyone considers himself to be special.Director. Denis Villeneuve also brought us a lot of things that humanity is realizing in the near future. In most of his films Villeneuve touches on the theme of children, in this film he also devoted much time to the theme of parents and children. In fact, as some critics noted, the picture is very similar to Tarkovsky's work, the meditative narrative of the film allows us to reflect on philosophical questions: are all our memories real and is man really a supreme being?Music and visual effects. Despite the fact that there were two outstanding composers working on the film (Benjamin Wallfisch and Hans Zimmer), the music in the film is quite small and it is not remembered. Basically, all the compositions are very similar to each other and create an exceptionally tense atmosphere. A small amount of original music in the film partially compensates for the appearance in the film songs by Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley. Unlike music, the film strikes a visual component. The film implements completely new creative design ideas, thanks to which you experience a real visual pleasure.The Result. In the end, we can say that Villeneuve did not turn "Blade Runner 2049" into another remake movies, the main task of which is to tell the same story with modern shooting technologies to attract a new audience and sell toys. After watching the film i have a strong desire to see it again on the big screen.9 out of 10	5
The most stupid plot - replicants somehow breeding and a ridiculous chase to find this child as some business megolamaniac needs it to perfect his own replication plans. When you watch this film you remember how brilliant the original Bladerunner was with its central question 'why would self conscious AI robots' agree to die?' Complete rubbish!!	1
Blade Runner 2049 is a visual feast. It expands ideas found in many sci-fi novels, especially those of Philip K.Dick, the author of 'Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep', the book on which the original 'Blade Runner' was based. The sequel is simply not as good as the original. The original film is a classic, a masterpiece of sci-fi cinema. The sequel has interesting moments---I especially liked the character of Joi and her fake relationship with K (Ryan Gosling). But the movie is too long and too slowly paced. It needed more editing. I didn't like Jared Leto's character and didn't understand him at all. The writing is a bit lazy. The plot isn't very interesting, and it's a shame that Harrison Ford is wasted in this film...he doesn't even appear until the last part of the movie. I didn't like that they killed off Rachael in childbirth just two years after she and Deckard ran off together...now it ruins the original film for me, knowing the fate of the characters~! Visually stunning film but it is not a worthy follow-up of the original. There were some things I liked, but overall this is a huge disappointment.	3
Overly long no doubt but amazing to watch and thrilling on the old ear drums too. It?s visually gorgeous and the story is tight. An excellent sci-fi!	5
One of the most visually impressive movies I have ever seen, and a stellar performance from the vast majority of the cast (especially Gosling, who gives, in my opinion, his best performance to date). The film?s dialogue avoids the common sci fi pitfall of being too cheesy or over the top (for the most part), and the story is both thrilling and heartbreaking. The only things keeping the film from 5 stars are its long runtime (IMO they could have shaved about 20-30 min. off the runtime) and Jared Leto?s overacted, over the top performance. I would highly recommend seeing the film!	4
The sci-fi masterpiece of the century! A must-watch for all Blade Runner and sci-fi fans.	4
Must watch. One of the best secuels I have seen.	4
Great script, great acting, great ideas, great characters, great music. It pays a little too much homage to the first but that's it.	4
At least 30 minutes too long. The ?world? created for the movie was superb. Flat performances.	2
Meditative and evocatively beautiful, with subtle callbacks to its predecessor which add layers of meaning to an already-rich mythology. The twinning themes of the nature of being and subjugation play out brutally in the utter isolation of this dark future. A sweeping character in its own right, the cinematography towers in a vast emptiness where no detail is missed, inspiring awe like the calculated architectural messaging in a gothic cathedral. Here the environmental actor serves as a constant reminder of man's dichotomously tiny stature and his outsized capacity for destruction. Mesmerizing.	5
What a disappointment! This movie was like watching paint dry-nothing like the fast pace, groundbreaking thriller of its predecessor.	1
I waited more, the story was boring for me.	2
Could have used a few cuts. Overall good.	4
This movie follows up after the first, but in it's own stand alone sense. One of the few movies that are worth rewatching multiple times. 9.3 out of 10	5
It's an outstanding work of art on scale of Hollywood spectacle which is a contradiction in terms. Like the original, the movie may very well bomb at the box office, this time because of the prejudice of the people who liked the original but might not go to see 2049. Before going to see it I was skeptical because 163 min. seems overly long, I thought that stunning visual aesthetic might just be emotionally too distant, and I just couldn't believe that sequel could have the magic of the original. But the story of 2049 griped me from the very start and it just didn't let go. Engaging story, some fabulous acting and mesmerizing visual aesthetic are building the vision of post-apocalyptic dystopia even more persuasively than the original. 2049 is walking thin line in exploring troubling relation between humans and varieties of AI which is something that is already here. Will we become cyborgs in order to be able to control AI? The hero we identify with is a replicant, sort of. How long will it take that we have implanted chips to enhance our mental abilities (imagine implanted smartphones on steroids), how long will it take that we find emotional safe haven in intelligent holograms (Alexa, virtual worlds)? But hey, it's poetic vision, it's a metaphore, don't take it too literary. 2049 is upgraded version even better than the original, on symbolic level it's an important cultural milestone for our Zeitgeist in the age of digital globalization.	5
Every scene is too long!	2
Great soundtrack and storyline! Ryan Gosling and the rest of the cast did very well and of course you might need to see it twice to put the pieces together better.	4
Really happy I finally was able to see this! Highly recommend.	4
I'm not a big fan of the first one but this sequel captured my imagination. I kinda loved it.	5
Visually remarkable, slow, and burning, Blade Runner 2049 is an overall exceptional film. Its stylish beauty is incomparable.	4
Probably the worst, most boring film I?ve seen in a long time, and I see a movie each week! Absolutely nothing happened in the first 45 minutes of the movie. I kept thinking something interesting was going to happen to keep me interested. Had to force myself to sit there and not walk out. This is not what I call entertainment!	1
While time has seriously elapsed since I saw the 1st BR in the 80's, in fact I saw it once in its premiere, this new rendition of BR sustains itself impressively.The story brews gently and one has to let it simmer for its true impact escalates as time passes by. It needs 3 hrs for this complete, yet I begged for more.As a whole, this is truly what a Sci-fi movie is all about; leaving you in the middle of this futuristic world, completely sucked in. The musical score was impeccable as without its quality, this could've been an entirely different movie.One can notice right away the detail spent in costumes, the scenery, the amazing and non-insulting special effects. Just top notch.I would highly recommend seeing the 1st BR so one can link up the storylines. Yes, it uses critical information from the original.Don't wait for Rental. Go see this in a movie theater. Trust me on this one.	4
Visually stunning, with bombastic and sometimes disturbing music, "Blade Runner 2049" falls just short of high expectations overall. With a plot that is equal parts intriguing and confusing, I left the theatre only partially fulfilled. Gosling and Ford play their respective roles well, however, as does the remainder of the cast. Just make sure you use the loo before the previews role, or you'll regret it. At nearly 2 3/4 hours run time, you'll want to skip the mega soda.	3
One of the best films of the year. A brilliant sequel. Stunning in every way.	5
ran a little long. ... but okay. .. not great. .. worth seeing	3
Beautiful imagery, stunning scenery. I personally thought the movie ended a bit abruptly and was a bit drawn out. Otherwise incredible.	4
Not at all interesting or insightful	1
You know the plot just seemed ramble on. It needed a narrator to make sense of it. It was as if the characters were mind reading each other. No clear path from one scene to another.	2
I really like the first Blade Runner. 2049 had great special effects but I could not connect to any character. The main character was more machine with no emotion. I give the plot a 3.	1
Awesome Sci-fi flick!! Great suspense with a great story. Acting was on point	4
One of the best movies ever love the soundtrack and the movie it's the best but you have to hear it on your headphones you will be amazed	5
A very interesting and philosophically stimulating movie. Visually, it's spectacular and the cinematography is some of the best I've seen. Highly recommended!	4
If you were a fan of the original then you will love this one. One of the best films of the year!	5
damn near perfect in every aspect and asks more questions than it answers without ruining the past.	5
Beautifully filmed. Honors the original and then kicks it up a few notches. Looking forward to the next one because you know there will be a sequel!	4
Stunning cinematography and a subtle script. I thoroughly enjoyed this film. Villenueve is vastly becoming my new favorite director.	5
Tedious, way-too-long film that could have been so much more. It's hard to see how they spent $150-million on this badly scripted turkey.	2
I agree with Film Crazy's assessment. Way too long and tried too hard to do too little	1
Great effort but somewhat flawed. Gosling is less annoying than his more recent efforts (looking at you La La Land) and does a nice job holding the movie together. The ruminations on AI, love, and the human soul are well done and very much in the theme of the original. The only "weak" character might be Jared Leto's scientist, but maybe rather than weak his character was just creepy. Overall a really good, moody, true sci-fi movie that does the original proud.	4
Great movie, on par with the 5th element, excellent visuals and plot, obviously if you have the attention span of a puppy do not watch this movie, this movie takes it's time with scenes, must watch for any sci fi fan	5
Very slow and long movie...	1
this movie makes the think, and I honestly feel the less than stellar opening id because ppl are to stupid to understand deep movies, watch this movie its a classic and will stand the test of time.	5
For anyone who saw the original film, has discovered the book by Philip K. Dick Blade Runner: Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep or have digested the recent novel by Ernest Cline, Ready: Player One, this is a must see movie.It's epic landscape and soundtrack, is matched only by the compelling performance by Ryan Gosling, Robin Wright and surprisingly Dave Bautista and others.There was/is always something "off" when it comes to Blade Runner. Something encapsulated in both the book, and to some degree, Rutger Hauer's performance in the finale of the original. Strangely disturbing, this IS an awesome flick... if you can get past the strangely disturbing part.It's, hands down, one of the most visually compelling movies of the year. Which is to say, the visuals are telling you a story by themselves.	5
There has been quite a long wait for this one and Blade Runner 2(049) delivers in terms of spectacle and atmosphere. Ryan Gosling is suitably moody and emotionless as Deckard version 2. Version 1 is played by world weary Harrison Ford who although getting joint top billing to Gosling is more of a 'And or With Harrison Ford as Deckard'. It answers questions of was Deckard a replicant or not which are raised by other cuts of the original and also answers questions of which version is the definitive. The answer may not be the one you're looking for. It is somewhat overlong at almost 3 hours - the original was compact. The scenes lend themselves well to the 4DX version I saw of this which in a way is a shame because it plays like a 4DX tick list - snow, rain, air, fights, explosions, flashing lights, gun shots, rolling about. It wants to be a blockbuster and art house at the same time. Sadly it will never be the former due to poor box office and somehow I don't think it will have the longevity of the original which is set 2 years from now. We are no nearer that future than the one presented in Blade Runner 2.	4
Amaizing, winner, the best movie of decade	5
Pure cinematographic genius. Edgy, huge scope and vision a true masterpiece of sound and vision.	5
Powerful ending. Beautiful cinematography. Compelling storyline and superb acting. The characters were so complex and relatable. Excellent soundtrack. I will watch it again.	5
The movie started well. The story seemed far fetched. The soundtrack and cinematography were excellent. By the end I was ready for Jared Leto's character to be killed off.	3
Too long .. too convoluted	1
Visually stunning... I'm glad I saw it on an IMAX!	5
fan du chef d'oeuvre Blade Runner de Ridley scott , j'ai regardé ce film avec doutes mais perso j'ai adoré , un rythme lent , une musique presque aussi reussie que celle de Vangelis , un gros kif de 2h44	5
Felt completely derivative of original Bladerunner. Where the original (well, the Director's cut) was was so rich, lush, and eye-opening, BR2049 pretty much rehashes just about every idea with a "happy ending" to boot. Bladerunner was a game-changer and I was hoping BR 2049 would do the same for a new audience. Instead it feels winding and empty. Felt more like they were playing Bladerunner dress-up.	2
I am a fan of the original Blade Runner, so decided to check this out. It has a strong cast to make and exciting, thought provoking movie. It has the "protential" to be as such. I sat down in my theater chair with no expections, beyond wanting to see a connection between this movie and the previous one. I looked up the definition of "movie pacing." Simply said, it could be easily stated as too long and drawn out. Not that I have a problem with long movies. It is incredibility detailed(to a point). It goes against its own logic(as if a new replicant can automaticly repair itself, why does a new type replicant die in the end? If Wallace gained the Tyrell Corp., and Rachael was a prototype, wouldn't Dr. Tyrell keep the records in a vault? under protection? The movie has an amazing, even crazy, amount of detail. Although at parts, feels like I was in a Fallout 4 video game. It centers around an interesting concept/idea. The delivery of that within the plot, seems buried in a science fiction espionage thriller. Multi-layered movie, ok, there are other multi-layered movies that do this. Maybe it comes down to tone. The movie starts somber, shifts in settings and events, ends somber. There are gritty movies out there, but even in gritty movies, there is a particular phrase, action, something that stands out that wakes to audience up. Visually Stunning, yes, but one only needs to see something for so long. Narratively satisfying? I guess if you are willing to overlook plot gaps and holes. It's ok. I am not as excited about it, now that I saw it. You may be more of a shift in tone and pace in the movie poster, than the movie itself.	2
I must start my review of "Blade Runner 2049" with a confession. I did not like the original "Blade Runner." I tried to like the original "Blade Runner." I desperately wanted to like the original "Blade Runner." It featured the biggest box-office star of that era, Harrison Ford. It featured state-of-the-art visual effects and created a dire yet visually mesmerizing future world that seemed to be the perfect back-drop for a science fiction epic. Even the name of the movie was sleek and stylish - "Blade Runner." Yet for all of its promise, as much as I wanted to like "Blade Runner," I eventually succumbed to the undeniable reality that the dark, humorless, and painfully methodical movie that was "Blade Runner" did not live up to its promise. In that sense, "Blade Runner 2049" matches and, in fact, surpasses its predecessor."Blade Runner 2049" takes place 30 years after the original film and stars Ryan Gossling as new age "replicant," a bioengineered human , who works as a blade runner for the Los Angeles Police Department, tracking down and eliminating older model replicants. After eliminating one of the older model replicants, Gossling's character discovers a box which contains the remains of a female replicant who died giving birth during an emergency c-section. He is then ordered by his LAPD boss, played by Robin Wright, to find the replicant's child and destroy all evidence related to the case so as to prevent the replicants from learning that they are capable of reproducing for fear it could lead to a replicant uprising. The antagonist in the movie is Niander Wallace, played by Jared Leto, the CEO of a company who manufactures replicants on a mass scale. Wallace is also seeking the lost replicant child to uncover the secret of replicant reproduction and expand his replicant production capabilities. I will spare you from further plot details for the sake of sparing you from further plot details.For all of you Harrison Ford fans looking forward to the return of the original blade runner, Rick Deckard, make sure you have plenty of popcorn, candy, and smelling salts to keep you occupied for the first two hours of the movie as Deckard does not make an appearance until the film's final act. This is a shame as Ford's Deckard is infinitely more engrossing than Gossling's character who, as a replicant, shows little to no emotion and garners little empathy or commitment from the audience. This is problematic as I had very little investment or interest in the fate of these characters or the outcome of a movie that plods forward at a glacial pace with long stretches of little to no plot movement. While the futuristic world created by director, Denis Villeneuve, is visually stunning, the scenery was only a temporary distraction from a movie that otherwise has little to offer. While I wanted to like "Blade Runner 2049," I found it far too similar to its predecessor.John Kozak - Wannabe Movie Critic	2
BR2049 is fantastic!!!	5
I liked the original, but this one was a bit bloated and the story seemed to drag. I struggled to stay awake. There was also no reason for the sex and nudity in this one. Nearly every subplot seemed forced and sexualized for no reason. My kid had watched a tv version of the original and was looking forward to it. Needless to say, it was far from appropriate. Visually, the movie was stunning, but it was not enough to make the movie watchable.	2
Another beautiful advancement in the art of film making.	5
Aesthetically, Visually, characteristically, and Story driven, Blade Runner 2049 succeeds as an excellent combination of those filmmaking elements combined with great casting and performances. Each scene has a relation with the audience through character, visuals or story that I have never beheld before.	5
Easily the best sequel to any movie in decades. Actually fixes some issues with the original without retconning, 2049 doubles down on the detective and noir aspects of Blade Runner and adds layers of philosophical nuance to the central questions. It's very hard to find anything wrong with the film and, to be honest, the long, slow and deliberate takes are a real relief after decades of ADHD driven blockbusters. It's really nice to see a film work to immerse the audience in this bleak, neon-saturated, totally believable world.	5
Was on the edge of my seat for the whole film. Thoroughly enjoyed every aspect; from set design to sound editing. Thank you to all involved ????	5
Visually and audibly stunning. The tension building from the very beginning captivated me, alongside the sci-fi surrealism displayed those dark and disturbing moments. The colours, the score, the well timed action sequences and the imagery...a film that leaves you thinking about the meaning and concepts portrayed through the story line and the characters as they develop. Although the same underlying concept is explored as in the original, I found it to be deeper and somewhat refreshing.	4
a film to study for many years like it's predecessor	5
The original Bladerunner asked questions about slavery, and provided lots of big questions that provide excellent philosophic topics for discussion. This film does not ask such the same, and as I have seen it described as a misogynistic mess. Which honestly I think is a fairly apt description. If you are expecting to watch this for action and visuals then you have come to the right place, if however like me you were expecting something more like the original then prepare to be disappointed. I would never try to compare sequels like this to original classics, but I was expecting more. The music was okay, I could see what Hans Zimmer (who is an excellent composer/song writer) was aiming for in terms of a Vangelis style score, but falls slightly short.. I went into the cinema with an open mind, and left disappointed. It really is such a shame that Hollywood insists on churning out remakes, and sequels.	2
Beautiful and unique!	5
Good movie! Best part... everything was timed fu~king perfectly. In all the movies I?ve seen this year this movie can be counted amongst the best in character development, plot and lastly the darkish noirish future elements... lol. Really not bad to watch. When I said character development I meant it, especially K- (Ryan G.) You see the human element in him as he grows learns and eventually adapts to his feeling as the movie progresses ( don?t want to spoil it so I won?t say!).... next is plot. Movie is very slow- this was the reason for the 4 stars but then again the plot wasn?t thin or rushed but rather gave a feeling of growth and captivation through the movie kind of like (Interstellar). Lastly the massive budget nugget lol. I meant the noir theme. It was very nicely made to represent the future with the flying cars and holograms which is all cool but again just took way too much of the budget probably. Would have directed it differently only on that part (If someone let me of course lol). I mean they could have just not made it too futuristic and still gotten the message across TBH I mean the movie would have been a major blockbuster if it was rather made with 50 million or something but it was probably trying to target 3~4 hundred mill. Anyway in short I definitely recommend it if you don?t want to watch (marvel universe wanna be movies) but if they made a second part I would definitely watch it. As to who would like this movie well anyone that respects hard work and good plot.	4
Visually stunning yet painfully slow.	3
Great movie BUT ! ... This movie is the extended edition. Since they did the extended edition first, they should release an edited version next. If they add any more footage to this movie they're be getting into mini, mini series genre...lol Please oh please don't make an extended edition. :-)	4
Excellent movie on multiple levels. I thought the original was just ok, but I loved this film. So maybe if you're like me, you will too.	5
Goseling was the whole pleasure of the film, he is dark, handsome and the rugged hero we long for. The film evelated but did not seem to take off for me, action lacked and dramatic boredom kicked in, but Goseling made it all worth while. Truly a pleasure to see, Goseling was the sugar and cream in this coffee...	3
Pretty movie and very well done just soo dang long and slow.. Couldn't wait for it to be over.	3
This film is positively cinematically gorgeous! Completely brilliantly atmospheric in visual and sound. The art design is stunning. The acting is excellent and is well casted. Thankfully Harrison Ford's character revival of 'Decker' is not overly done. Face it, Indiana Jones & Han Solo revivals, were not played appropriately for his age & current acting style. I dreaded his return in this film that could've made the film take a nose dive... his role not too bad, leaving the film intact. The directing is excellent.	4
Yeah so.... visually striking, but all in all a by the numbers mystery that fails to deliver any real wow! I had to leave in the middle of the movie and came back and didn't even mind if I missed anything. And can I just say that I am getting real sick of movies doing flashbacks to what happened 20 minutes prior! It ruins the rewatchability of the film!! Give you no reason to say hey! What about that thing? I love being able to watch over and over and see new stuff. But not in the first viewing!!	3
Experience a positive disturbance to your baseline, Blade Runner 2049: replicants, wastelands, genetic engineering, artificial intelligence. Future technology is not hard to imagine. Difficult are the moral questions: Do K or Luv have souls or freewill? Does Joi really love or hate? Why do humans enslave? The mood, visuals, SOUND, characters, and plot evolved perfectly from the original. A great work of art!	5
It's safe to say this film does justice to the original and that of course is no mean feat. Gosling is perfectly cast as a long-fused replicant cop. This should be seen on the big screen to fully appreciate what has been achieved with the rendering of the eerie, run-down dystopian future environment.	4
Absolutely phenomenal! The visuals, the story, the acting were all amazing. I highly recommend revisiting the original Blade Runner before going to see 2049 as the easter eggs and references will make it even more enjoyable.Side note: GO SEE IN THEATERS! The visuals are stunning!	5
this movie was boring, no plot and not worth the money	1
As someone that watched Blade Runner a month ago and turned it off because of the slow pacing of the film I went into this with mixed feelings and came out in love. It's a spectacular piece of film making, the story is captivating and the visuals are amazing with stand out performances. It really built on the world from the original and you could really get a feel of what kind of world it is. As for the story telling, you could probably go into this not watched the first and be completely fine at knowing what's going on. Top marks to a masterpiece	5
A perfect cinematic experience.	5
Visually this movie is absolutely stunning. The colors and tones made it a good movie to just stare at, but the story is it's downfall. This film feels like 2 hours and 45 minutes of set up to a climax that makes you feel confused. It has plot lines that seem to go nowhere and an ending that makes no sense. This movie is fun to look at but not fun to listen to.	2
This film may very well be a masterpiece. Hell it might be equal to the 1982 Bladerunner. The only potential flaw is *spoiler* towards the end when the replicants speak of revolution. That was a bit cliched/contrived. There's also a scene very similar to Her. But those are but very minor points. At the end of the day, Bladerunner 2049 is a beautiful film.	5
All action, little substance. Much nostalgia; little new to offer minds hungry for relevant ideas worthy of propelling our time into a new way of thinking. Science Fiction exists to help us reflect. Instead, Hollywood dishes us the same high-budget punching scene over and over-- the same shooting scene-- the same garbage that requires the intellect of a drooling pit-bull and does nothing to advance anything. They think this is what people want. They think this will make them money because it's safe. Their greed and lack of insight is evident. Great talent in this movie and often great artistry cannot make up for a terrible overall concept. Special effects and fight scenes don't cover for offering nothing new. I gave this movie a chance, and it sucked. No wonder it was a box office bomb. Hollywood doesn't understand our culture anymore, and can't produce art because it's caught in the trappings of mass-appeal.	1
Bladerunner 2049 is a good movie. I liked it. I wish I could say I loved it. However, despite a really powerful story, decadent visuals, and perfect sound- the casting was mostly a miss for me. Ryan Gosling is aggressively boring. And for a future where humanity speaks a mixture of english and chinese, there is a noticeable lack of diversity. Honestly, I think even the original had more people of color. It's a distracting omission.	3
Not my thing, but not sure how to fix it.	3
Excessively long paced & drawn out scenes! Otherwise excellent story, magnificent effects, impressive cinematography !	3
Dark and absorbing. Fantastically bleak and confronting. Loved Robin Wright's character and performance. Will be rewatching.	4
This movie was amazing!	5
A beautiful movie. Every shot was masterfully acheived. Even though it is very long, I was entertained by every single frame. Just wow.	5
I thought that the visual style of the movie was excellent. The art direction was really something to see, same goes for the sound design. However it was lacking in the story department, i felt I was weak.	4
Too dark music and scenes for a very simple story.. I get really bored	2
I watched in anticipation of a sequel that capture the magic of the the original, but left the theater in disappointment.	2
The audience applauded at the end. Yes, it's long, but it didn't feel that long. If you are not a fan of the first, you probably won't like this one. Its not a remake, but a continuation. Best sequel I've ever seen. I laughed, I cried, it was better than Cats.	5
Felt extremely long. But it was worth it.	5
I saw the first film last night so I'm not the biggest fan or expert in this franchise. Excellent cinematoghraphy and petty good overall acting. I had a couple of quarrels about the film. The film felt too long and too slow at times. The almost 3 hour run time almost kept me from seeing it. These are the reasons for me bumping the rating down a bit. The ending definitely sets up another film, but I can see how fans may not have liked that approach. Not as good as the first but I would definitely recommend.*Update after I saw it a week later. I bumped it up by a half star. I missed a lot the first time around. I still think it was too long. I still did not like the ending. It was weak*	4
This movie was AWESOME... It was deep, and loaded gems. Its a must see for any scifi fan. My wife liked it too.... and that is saying something.	5
I didn't care for it, was weird.	2
boring and confused and narcissistic	1
great movie! Not quite as good as the first one as it didn't break any new ground like the first did. Very moody dark and made you think. Good suspense.	5
This movie is a full circle. A story that makes sense, and a marvellous atmosphere. Not without flaws, but its ingenuity will be long remembered.	5
Absolutely phenomenal. Did perfect justice to the original and left me at the edge of my seat for nearly 3 hours.	5
That was great. Still digesting. Gosling was great, superb visuals, music. A good sequel to a historical classic.	4
I see so many review here saying "Boring", "Too long", "Didn't get it".If your attention span can't last 2 minutes between explosions or if you need all details of the plot spoon fed and explained, then no, you won't like it.Blade Runner 2049 is a beautiful film that entertains, twists and makes you think. Watching the original is a must as (as well as it being an amazing film) it helps to understand what's going on, and the references and flashbacks.If you like well thought out, beautiful cinema, then I can't recommend this film enough.If not, then I'm sure there'll be another marvel/transformers/fast and furious along soon.	5
Kind of weird bit cool.	4
In a movie industry where franchises and sequels rule and originality is about as rare as a sighting of an origami unicorn, nothing is sacred and even if there is no need for a sequel to the flawed but much-loved Blade Runner, we get one 35 years later and I am happy to say it is about the best one can hope for. Blade Runner is the first film I remember experiencing the breath-taking impact powerful cinema can have and it has been my go-to answer when anyone asks me what my favourite film is. This can therefore cut both ways: the knives will come out if they mess with a treasured cinematic memory, but I can be too forgiving if they pander to my love of the original. If they had pandered, then they have done a seamless job that not only respect and honour Ridley Scott's original but echo and expand its core themes and produced something equally mesmerizing and lyrical. For a film best approached fresh and spoiler-free, I would simply say original writer Hampton Fancher returns with a precise and articulate script, adopting once again a detective noir framework set in a retro-futuristic world, and up the ante while managing to find a new angle to explore the same question he has asked before: what does it mean to be human? Minor narrative flaws aside, (and misquoting Gaff's line: but then again, who doesn't have them?) I saw this film twice and find myself appreciating the deliberate pacing which allows the audience to follow a weighty narrative while taking in the stunning visuals and production design shot with Roger Deakins's sublime cinematography that defines the word 'awesome' and then some. The score is less melodic than Vangelis's but the throbbing soundscape it creates is immersive and hugely effective. Ryan Gosling leads a spectacular cast, in particular, an appropriately worn and battered performance from Harrison Ford. But above all else, this is Denis Villeneuve's film. He has crafted a beautiful and elegant film that combines aesthetics with intellect and his replicating of the original Blade Runner is never slavish and has enough originality and merits to stand on its own right.	4
A worthy successor to the original. My only complaint is where are the giant 3D Fabio holograms bending women in flowy dresses over their strong arms? You cannot convince me that Wallace would ignore half the market!	5
BladeRunner2049 My Review.........................Read Below.........................................NO SPOILERS.........................................................................To Start. I am a huge fan of the original. This was my most anticipated film this year. If you plan to see this movie first watch BladeRunner Final Cut. Then watch the 3 short films that have been released with BladeRunner2049. All of them will enhance your experience of watching this film. Also IMAX is the preferred viewing experience. What did I think of the movie?First, This is not a retelling of the first story. Im not sure how much I can say about the story without spoiling things, So I will say that I enjoyed the story. It was told in a way that keep me wondering what is going to happen next.Everything about this movie is the best of the best. Set design, cinematography, Lighting, Acting, Directing, Story Telling, Visual FX, Practical FX and Audio are all the best of film making today. I definitely got a Arrival vibe from the visuals, and color grading. If you are a fan of Denis Villeneuve's work you will likes this. Also, there are lots of tiny callbacks to the original sprinkled all over the place. Each character is so rich in design and delivery of emotion or non emotion is flawless. I bet the director watched Drive and immediately called Ryan Gosling up and asked him to do this because Ryan's performance reminded me of the film Drive.I really liked Jared Leto's character but for me Sylvia Hoeks (as Luv) really gave an amazing visual performance. That being said everyone in this film is amazing. The music and sound was (Extremely Loud to the point of vibrating my chair) amazing and thick with emotion and texture. Everything had a heavy weight to its sound. The music was a direct continuation to the original while adding more modern technique and style. Very mysticalSo, Now I talk about a few things I had issues with. First, the film is 2 hours and 43 minutes with a very slow pace. I suspect that might be a turnoff for some of today's viewers with ADD. There are very lengthy scenes design to just soak up the environment, build tension and subconsciously seep into your mind. I loved watching all 2:43 minutes of the film but it did feel long. Next, there were a few scenes that did not work for me. I understand what they were going for and why its in the film but I feel they where not needed. I wont spoil them but I think they will probably stick out for you. Over all this film has so much to take in I HIGHLY recommend you see it in IMAX. I really need to see it a few more times to get deeper into it before I can say where it sits in my top movies of the year. I do see a lot of quotes saying its a masterpiece and its better than the original. I cannot say that at this point. Its not fare to say that on only one viewing. Final thoughts:This movie is not for everyone.If you did not love the original, this might not be for you. If you need constant action in a 2:43 minute movie, This might not be for you. If you have not see the original, You might not understand the deeper meaning to this film. All that being said, This movie was not at all what I expected. I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO SEE BIG BLOCKBUSTER NONSTOP ACTION throughout the entire journey. This was NOT even close to that expectation. Because of how it was told and shot I was really emotionally invested in this film. I really loved it. But it did leave me feeling unsettled and wanting more side character stories.	5
It may have been almost 3 hours, but it had great pacing. It could have kept going if it wanted.	5
An amazingly good sci fi :)	4
this is so boring i could punch the balls off myself.	1
Will watch this movie on 27th Oct. Can't wait lol	5
Oustandingly beautiful. Every single frame a work of art.	5
Improved on every aspect of the original - from the story to looks, and most importantly - on the message - being more philosophical and soul touching. It's not a masterpiece... but it's damn close to being one.	5
Really?! Why and where those high rating come from? I don't get it, it's slow	3
Everything Denis Villeneuve touches is golden. Such a perfect blend of the old Blade Runner film, while also creating a sequentially sound follow up that opens the door for more films. I loved this movie. A slow-burner in some ways, but incredibly fascinating and beautiful in others. The effects were gorgeous -- such a pretty film. The acting was on point -- specific shoutout to Ana de Armas in my opinion. I am looking forward to the next one.	4
I will never get back those (almost) 3 hours I wasted watxhing this. Waaaaaay too long, boring and drawn out. Yes it was nice to look at but that does not a good movie make. NOT recommended at all :(	1
I canâ??t look awayÂ Â Â  In the age where most Hollywood movies canâ??t go longer than two minutes without some tween sarcasm, unfunny joke, gunshot, explosion, or expletive (sometimes in that order) Blade Runner 2049 starring Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford is a breath of fresh air. Sometimes itâ??s the silent surreal scenes and moments in a film that stand out over all the rest which is why the Blade Runner movies stand among the greatest movies ever made. They bleed cool.Â Â Â  Every scene was bleeding cool and the intense soundtrack made them even cooler. Quiet beautiful shots were well placed among loud pinnacle scenes throughout the entire film. Every moment seemed well placed and very much needed. Every characterâ??s dialogue was well used. Unlike most blockbuster movies there wasnâ??t any cringeworthy jokes or just grade A DUMB superhero lines.Â Â Â  Without getting too much into story the acting was superb. The cinematography, topography, and visuals were perfect. The quiet was perfect and every scene no matter how action-less had me saying to myself â??I canâ??t look away,â?? and I didnâ??t, couldnâ??t really. It was just that wonderful. Â Â Â  Blade Runner 2049 was an exhilarating thrill ride that was well paced, detailed, and executed. This is the level that all directors, filmmakers, screenplay writers, cinematographers, editors, and producers should strive for. This film hit all the right notes and left a lasting impression. Donâ??t see it once, see it twice and I guarantee you you canâ??t look away. Every element was carried out perfectly. The narrative, cinematography, acting, sound, mise-en-scene, and editing all went above and beyond.ProsBeautiful visualsSuperb actingAtmospheric soundDeep, deep plotExpert timingConLack of Harrison Ford bad-assery	5
A mess of a movie. Looks like it was made by a film student who studied had Blade Runner but never really understood it. Gratuitous violence and weak characters. A major disappointment and depressing movie. Wish I could get my money and time back.	1
Espectacular, solo para fans del Sci-Fy de calidad, excelente de trabajo de del director Villeneuve y del productor maestro Ridley Scott	5
Loved it! Very much an ommage to the original, but managed to surpass it in many ways. Did not want it to end! One that I will have to watch at least three times at the theater! If you're one who needs to be spoon-fed every detail, or loves mindless action, this is not for you.	5
La parte fotografica es increible, lograron transmitir todo lo que se transmitio en la primera pelicula en cuanto a cuestionamientos del ser humano y los robots, dispotibios y ambiente, los escenarios simplemente majestuosos, te la crees toda, lo unico malo fue la simplicidad de la historia y lo larga que fue en donde por momentos tiende a aburrir, de resto cinematograficamente hablando, tecnicamente, dialogos fue asombrosa	5
Thought it was a well-crafted storyline, but needed better editing to cut down on the time. I'm 55 and saw the first one, so I was enjoying except that my 18 year old daughter started saying "I'm bored" during 30 of the last 50 minutes.	4
This should have been so much better. Good god, how long was it? Tighten up, fellas! This was an extraordinarily beautiful movie that, in the end, felt like an absence seizure.	2
7/10 good watch, beautiful cinematography	3
It was long and boring, but the dystopian future portrayed within was great.	2
You could do so much good money that were spent on this 3h snoozfest	2
Well if u ever saw her u seen this movie with cyber punk. It's a good movie worth watch but be warned it's sloooooooooooooow. If u do not like a lot of dialog or light on action don't see this movie cause it's not for u. Once again I liked it to me it was good should be viewed in imax. #moviepass	5
Pretty good with tie-ins to the original. Good production values. Very good emotional impact. What's with Robin Wright's character downing liquor every scene she's in and a knife to the gut as the preferre execution method? Still a good show.	4
Looks pretty good ????	4
Otro nivel de cinematografia, Los escenarios te impactan los sentidos, es alucinanate. Extraoridinaria la pelicula!!	5
Put me to sleep . This rating is a guess	2
Being a sci-fi movie, it has its own weird tone on it. The plot is a bit too slow and drags for 2.5 hours, as it tried to present a vision of the year 2049 to the audiences (what the cities look like, the norms of society, etc.). The cinematography won me over and I appreciate the work being done with minimal CGI.	4
So boring, so slow I want my money back!	1
This try-hard sequel failed dismally to reignite the mood and feel of the original. A 30 year old movie put this state of the art CGI bastardization to shame in story, visually, and audibly. It drags on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on..... going nowhere fast. I found myself trying to get a quick nap just to "fast forward" to the meat of the movie which never came. What once was created by the original has now been destroyed by this one. The excitement of androids and the prospect of human looking robots that ignited imaginations in the early 80's became just another human clone pipe dream in 2017.	2
I loved the original. This is one of the worst movies I have seen. Even Harrison Ford's appearance (late in the movie) did not help. The sound track was the only thing that was a positive. I can not believe 81% of viewers liked this one.	1
Too self-indulgent, long take after long take of pensive slow-ass people walking to and from buildings unrealistically lighted and filled with dripping water. This is cinematography gone bad and storytelling gone worse. Internally inconsistent in both logic and motivation and wasting a brilliant cast, this sequel destroys the legacy of the main characters to advance one-third of a maybe interesting idea, but since it's sucked so bad they will never get to make the next movies to tell what could have been an interesting story. This movie made me mad for wasting my afternoon. Everything bad from the original with none of the creative style or inspiration, just drab, dark angry slow scene after scene.	2
A very, very good sequel worthy of the original film and the book that spawned it all. Philip K Dick would be proud. One of the few films that has me thinking about it days after I've seen it. I want to see it again as soon as possible.	5
Great movie. I was skeptical going in due to the 2:45 length, but it couldn't have been shorter. Excellent.	5
visually stunning, just like the first blade runner. boring af, just like the first blade runner	3
I think, like the original was, this film was an event and years from now, I will be just as happy as I am now to able to say I was a part of it, I was there.	5
English isn't my first language, please excuse any mistakes. So many thoughts, so many feelings since I watched this wonderful movie for the first time a few weeks ago. Since that... not a single day gone by without thinking about it. The movie is haunting me like near no other film I saw over the last 20 years (and I saw so many). Tears of joy... . On a personal note: It was worth to get through all the pain and suffering healthwise to be able to see such a bright, unique cinematic miracle. Iam glad and thankful for the opportunity to do so. There is so much to discover (mostly within yourself while watching the film), there is so much to riddle out, to think and feel about. A painful mirror image of our todays society and people on one hand... . Yet there are way more aspects and hints about what we have to face "tomorrow", if we not rethink and change our life together. We have to wake up as a species right now and become "humane" again (it's not to late yet). We still have a choice... and we must choose wisely. Saw the movie 3 times until now and next week it will become hopefully 4 times (still not enough). Some of us have only one chance in a lifetime to watch a great movie like that. A unique chance. There is something so very special, so very empathic, touching and humble, painfully honest about this cinematic wonder, about this masterpiece. Without a doubt in my favorite top five films. 1) The Elephant Man (1980), 2) Harakiri (1962), 3) Blade Runner 2049 (2017), 4) Akahige (1965), 5) Taxi Driver (1976). Thank you very much Denis Villeneuve and the whole crew behind 'BLADE RUNNER 2049'. 100% love!---A unicorn stays a unicorn even its creators, those self-proclaimed "gods" (predators) are going to break and steal his horn, even if they tell him over and over again, that it is nothing special on an individual level and that it is just a simple workhorse (a tool), will it for sure stay a unicorn (stay special & unique) for as long as it believes in himself (self-esteem). Broken horns, like broken dreams are still worth being protected.What and who are you?, who do you want to become? Create your very own memories right now, choose wisely friend... it is all yours right now... because you are alive... you really are. Are you?- Joe (formerly known as KD 6-3.7)	5
It?s not for the mainstream audience but it is a creative masterpiece and an important filmEssential to watch the original and read the book in order to get this movie	5
Beautiful aesthetically, but slow-paced and a bit too long.	3
I liked it better than the first one, I did not get bored. However, the long runtime removed a perfect score.	4
Loved it! Why can?t all movies be like this one? Watched twice already but is a movie to own. More space iCloud!	5
BRILLIANT AND ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL!!!	5
Better than the original. Only thing I disliked was Jared Leto's character, monologuing to little effect.	4
One of the all-time greatest sci-fi films. Intelligent and captivating.	5
Great movie just way too long it just drags on, I literally fell asleep.	3
The movie of plot were great, the actors performed well, but the movie was just drawn out a little too long	3
Amazing cinematography, script, acting. Great all round.	5
I need another watch whilst not tired!	3
Incredible cinematography and sound. Good story, I almost think it's better than the original. It grabbed at me more easily mostly because the romance was more fleshed out and believable. I just wish this movie was 20-30 minutes shorter. It was really! long. Jared Leto was such a weird character, he felt superficial and incomplete in conception. And the ending fell flat for me, I didn't feel like it fit with the movie. Anti-climatic. But otherwise, stunning work here.	4
This movie delivered in every way imaginable. From the character development to the ambiance. This is one of those films that is a must watch in theaters otherwise you may not fully appreciate it at home. 10/10	5
Excellent directing, storytelling and visuals makes it one of the best movies of 2017 so far. Ryan Gosling gave an amazing performance as K/Joe and I'm glad they didn't overuse Ford's character of Deckard. I personally think 2049 is better than the original, and I felt invested through the entirety of the film.	5
Not for the uninitiated but wonderful.	5
While Blade Runner 2049 is original, it's also slow in many places, has lots of good actors and actresses that are only in the film for a few minutes, and it's a bit weird.... The cinematography is good, and Ryan Gosling gets to play Ryan Gosling terminator so that might explain why he gets wounded so often and still keeps on ticking. It's worth a buck.	3
Spectacularly good. Visually beautiful, well written, and thought provoking. Not for everyone, but a fantastic film through and through. Seems destined for cult status ala the original.	5
Loved it. So rare to see a sequel that outshines the original, and this does. The capture of the original mood is perfect but with the help of new film techniques they only add greatly to a simple yet captivating story. - After seeing this my 18 year old son went to watch it and was equally impressed despite never seeing or having heard of the original, which he now wants to watch.	4
A true sci-fi master piece and perhaps Denis Villeneuve's magnum opus to date. It masterfully incorporates plot elements of Ridley Scott's screenplay while somehow staying truer to the original vision of author Philip K. Dick's award winning "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?" Authentic and meditative, it is a visual and emotive work of art.	5
I know it's been said before about this movie but the cinematography was incredible. The directing was also fantastic. maybe it was just a style the movie but sometimes the actress seemed a little bit bored but I really really enjoyed this movie.	5
45 minutes too long, and without any meaningful character development for the majority of the film. Ford's character was the best part of the film and there was far too little of him.	2
It is a real shame that the movie is not doing well in box office.Bladerunner is my favorite sci-fi universe and Bladerunner 2049 did not disappoint at all. And it isn't just because it is visually stunning while staying faithful, it also retains that slow methodological world building style of shooting.In most sci-fi cinema, a lot of fancy wide angle shots, high tech gadgets with/without aliens are used to emphasis the strangeness and uniqueness of the world.Bladerunner also have all of that (without the aliens), but it never feel like the director is spoonfeeding you: look at these beautiful structures. The unique clothing trend, the beautiful ads on buildings, the flying cars are there like it's just the way the world is. In another words, it's a living, believable world.It's a shame the plot didn't quite live upto the original Bladerunner, it touched on some deeper topics but stopped before it got any further. This is why I think the movie while being an extremely good and worthy sequel, it fails to become a timeless classic like the original.The music is definitly one of the strength of the movie. It's loud and get right into your face and does not shy away from the background. It's memorable and imo it is one of the best soundtrack this year.Overall, as a fan, I am very glad it had this amount of budget to have a sequel like this.I just wish it had a little more substance to the plot, and even though the movie was 3 hours long, I felt the plot could easily run for another 3 hours. The plot as it is now, is a tad too "sequel" and less of a plot on its own.	4
I am really stunned by all the good reviews here. The original Blade Runner was beautiful, exciting, thought-provoking and did not plod slowly through the storyline. This film was not a good stand alone film. If you had not seen the first one, 2049 will carry less impact and leave you a little confused. This film has a great look but not compared to the original. Had I known how much of a misfire this was I never would have paid $10 to see. There is no confusion as to why the box office on this was disappointing. It's not really a good film. It's a weak, slow moving, watered down followup with minimal action and not enough impact. Really a sad surprise.	2
Incredible movie from beginning to end. An artwork that anyone interested needs to experience.	5
Wow.....struggled to keep my eyes open the whole movie. Not much action, with way too much of Ryan Gosling blankly staring at things. A few nice panoramic shots of the futuristic cities but apart from that i really felt let down. Sucks, because i loved the 1st movie!	2
in my option this is an amazing movie that is worth every minute	5
Best film of the year without doubt. Bleak, noir and stays faithful to the original. A great story. I just love the world it depicts.	5
I wasn't a huge fan of the first blade runner so did not have huge expectations like a lot did but wow this movie impressed me indefinitely. the best film of the year so far in my opinion.	5
A sequel that was more than worth the 35 year wait. Gorgeous cinematography, fantastic direction and powerhouse performances from old and new characters, Blade Runner 2049 effortlessly expands on the original while also delivering its own powerful, thought provoking story as well.	4
This is so far the best movie in 2017, Fantastic ,I 'm glad we have this now ,we miss this cinema quality, after it was ruined by superheros movies .	5
shit movie. shit story. overrated hype on reviews.	1
FINALLY! A film worth watching in the theatre! I have not been satisfied with the last films to hit the theaters since Mad Max. That being said, this is a MUST WATCH!! It is easily one of my favorite movies. The dynamics of this film are absolutely unique and creative in so many ways. Not only is the story line capturing, but the unique cinematography is an absolute masterpiece. It gives a new definition to what true creativity is in capturing so many different elements in lighting and imagery. I cannot say anything more positive about this film. It is a must see!!	5
The cinematography in this film is absolutely mind blowing. It gives cinematography itself a new definition and raises the bar in both creativity and innovation. The movie itself was satisfying in every sense of the word. There were so many different elements and layers, the artistry and the creativity in this film is absolutely an achievement unique in its own right. This is easily one of the best films to hit the theaters since Mad Max. It is definitely a MUST SEE for the critic and artist.	5
If they could get rid of those flashbacks in the third act of the movie, it would be a solid 5 stars	4
A MASTERPIECE! Simply Phenomenal.	5
A fantastic sequel to the original sci-fi classic	4
The movie looked amazing but the story was bland AF. I get the premise, the theme, and the symbolism but it's still not that entertaining of a plot.	1
I loved the original movie and wanted to like this one. The plot moved WAY too slow, to the point of boredom. I didn't care about Joe at all because I was just wondering when the plot would finally move on so the movie could end. The slow pace was the main issue with the movie. The second issue for me is they didn't have *any* multidimensional female characters. The police commissioner comes close but did she really *do* anything except nag Joe? The girlfriend/house thing had potential but wasn't explored fully. The servant was probably the strongest female of the movie, and she was a bad guy! The rest of the females were hookers! There was just nothing to grab on to. And what was with fake jesus and his middle-school level philosophy?Two stars both come from the cinematography and CGI which was gorgeous. This movie was a stunner. At least I could just look at the pretty shapes and colors when I got bored by the horrible story telling.I left the movie theater feeling unhappy and fatigued. What more can I say?	2
Very bad plot everything was draaawwwwnnn oooouuuutttt!	1
There are many great films that feel slow/are slow but are still excellent. Wolf Children is a fantastic film that feels longer than it actually is. The difference between Wolf Children and BladeRunner 2049 is that there's actual plot progression in Wolf Children. This film prioritizes eye candy and their cool soundtrack over the story. You get new plot information every 10-15 min or so when the film remembers it's supposed to be telling a story. Again, slow pacing is fine as long as it's warranted and I'm invested in it or the characters.Last 30 minutes were pretty decent and caught me off guard, but that can't save the movie. First 2 hours could've easily been 45 min and it would've been able to give the same necessary info and development. I don't care about the visuals (which are very nice) or the sound (which is epic) or the symbolism. Give me a story that I can invest in. Once you do that then you can give me everything else.	1
just saw it and I have to say it's great to see you again Harrison Ford	5
A great movie and capable of standing alone on the plot. I've never seen the original Blade Runner until after this movie, but 2049 had a great plot and kept me enthralled in the movie! A must see!	4
Fantastic follow on from the original Blade Runner movie.	4
Great action! Must see the original or you will be lost! Wish they had more jared leto scenes	5
Without a doubt, the best sci-fi film I've seen in a very long time. This is a philosophical journey that dovetails perfectly with the original and the best part is, the story is as good as the visuals. Folks that will enjoy this film will be smart, mature, and have an understanding of fine sci-fi. If this is you, you won't be disappointed!	5
Stunning to behold, but maybe takes a bit too long admiring itself sometimes...	4
Grade: A-Rating: R, 164 minutesIn a Nutshell: This is a LONG movie. If you're a big fan of the 1982 original Blade Runner, you'll probably love every minute, while admittedly, it's not everyone's cup of futuristic tea. This visually stunning sequel was a long time in coming and I'm thrilled that Harrison Ford was able to be in it so we can revisit his character.You don't have to see the original Blade Runner movie first, but it sure helps. While this film stands alone in an impressive way, it also deepens and expands the original. It's a science-fiction masterpiece that has director Denis Villeneuve earning the praise he deserves. Uplifting theme: What makes a man? What is humanity?Life....the value of life, the meaning of life.Things I liked:You had me at Ryan Gosling. When he touched a piano key, I kind of hoped he'd start singing City Of Stars (From "La La Land" Soundtrack) ha haAna de Armas is just fun to look at. I loved her scenes with Ryan Gosling.Robin Wright sure has come a long way since The Princess Bride (one of my all-time faves.) They did an amazing job with creating a new world and time.The cinematography by Roger Deakins is outstanding. Some say it's the best of his career and worthy of an Oscar.The sound is impressive, but sometimes annoying.There are many surprises, which makes movie-going so much fun.Things I didn't like:Everything is so dusty! ha haSome of the frames are just so long and drawn out and slow-moving. Did I say the same thing three times?There are a lot of scenes where people sit, think, and stare.Lots of monologues.It takes forever to be rewarded with scenes that include both Harrison Ford and Ryan Gosling.You kind of have to watch both films more than once to really understand it. I readily admit I don't get it all. Tips for parents: Kids may be confused with what's happening and get bored. Watching the movie requires a certain amount of patience.Violence.Some gory, bloody scenes.Full female nudity.Prostitute action.Some profanity.Never saw the original Blade Runner? Click here to get a super cheap Blade Runner DVD!MOVIE REVIEW MOM@trinaboice	4
This movie has only one, huge problem: the original. It tries to get the very same atmosphere of the original (and some scenes are really similar) and i felt that this weigthed it down. In fact, when it goes free on a new and original direction, it's brilliant. If we don't compare to his unmatchable prequel and we consider 2049 for itself, it's a masterpiece, one of the best movies i've seen in last years. VFS are stunning (it deserves an Oscar, at least for them) and Gosling totally nailed his part : i was sceptical when i read he would have played the main character (he's a fine actor, i simply thought he didn't suit the Blade Runner feeling) but he totally bought me, he added so many little nuances to his role without being a copy of Harrison Ford. I was really worried when i read a sequel to Blade Runner was in production, since i really really love that movie. But 2049 turned out in a fantastic movie and i've been really sad that he was not a box office success.	5
I felt it surpassed its predecessor by miles. Although in reality the original was pretty basic compared to the more complex story line. There were some slow moments but there was a lot of story to tell to make it pay off more in the end. A must see!	3
It?s fine but how did this slow a$$ movie get more than a 70% is beyond me.	3
Visually stunning! Music has you bouncing off your seat.	4
This movie was loud, slow and boring. I wouldn't even suggest renting it for home viewing. I struggled to stay awake, if not for the loud irritating noise. This was not a Harrison Ford movie, he was briefly in the movie and his role was that of a disoriented old man. He is the reason I went to see the movie.....severely DISAPPOINTED.	1
One of the best Sci-fi movies made.	5
Dull dull dull, far too long and slow and I snoozed off. Also very depressing if that's what our future children have to look forward to. Visually...yes very clever but.....	1
Beautiful movie but Hard to live up to the legend. Really wanted to like it but left thinking it was just ?meh?. Probably because it ran 20-30 minutes too long.	3
I liked it! Seeing the original first was useful. The beauty in the images was not as strong in the second one but still a good movie.	4
Okay, so it's confusing. I'm still not sure what happened. BUT...what a treat to look at and live in and feel the dismal future, highlighted by stellar performances from everyone, especially Harrison Ford and Ryan Gosling. And for those of you who keep hearing about how long it is? Forget it. There's so much to keep you locked in to the story and visuals, time passes quickly.	3
Sooo this Movie was epic...This is a Movie. A Movie you gotta see in the cinema and nowhere else. On the biggest screen you could find near you.Because the cinematography in this movie is incredible. Something that I've never seen before. The most amazing wide shoots that you will ever see. If the guy, who did all that doesn't get a oscar nomination for his work in this... I don't know if I could believe in the people anymore.Also how Denis Villeneuve decided to use some characters name in the story was such an unique idea. How this particular characters effected the main character of Ryan Gosling so much, how they made him feel. Plus how he used the main characters at first random in counter with this case that will change his point of view so much through the movie. And you can feel every change of it wth him. Thanks to Ryans amazing acting. And how at the end of the movie everything changes for him after he made peace with the first change of his story. But I also understand why it didn't made as much at the box office as hoped. It is a hard, nearly 3 hour long watch. How my dad spectacularly showed, when I went to the cinema with him. It is a slow burn and if you aren't interested in the topics it touches on it can be hard. Especially because they tell the topics and storys in such a unique way. Definitely though it had at least a faster pace then the first one, especially towards the end.So Imma give Blade Runner 2049 a 4/5.	4
Capturing the feel and appeal of the original 1982 film (or perhaps the later "Final Cut"), this is one sequel that does not disappoint. Ryan Gosling is suitably cool and affectless as the heir to Harrison Ford's Deckerd (evoking detectives of bygone eras, but notably Delon in Melville's Le Samourai, 1967). He is a new version of the replicant, now built by Jared Leto's Wallace Corporation, a model designed not to lie or to resist orders (supposedly). His territory is the same desolate Los Angeles that we saw in the earlier film, perhaps a bit more burnt out, but with the same enormous animated neon signs and the logos for alternate reality corporations (such as Atari or the CCCP). At home, he has his own A. I. girlfriend (Ana de Armas) who has no corporeal form but seems to have an independent consciousness. As before, the film foreground's the struggle with identity (are they real or not real?) felt by both Gosling's "K" (later Joe, but not Josef) and de Armas' Joi. K recalls memories but feels that they are only implants -- until a politically charged case starts him questioning. The plot slowly starts to come together with a few surprising moments of revelation that I won't spoil but director Denis Villeneuve (and cinematographer Roger Deakins) takes more pleasure in evoking the ethos of Blade Runner slowly and carefully rather than putting flesh on the bare bones plot (co-written by original screenwriter Hampton Fancher, extending Philip K. Dick's source). Still, the themes are there for contemplating, if you like. Seeing this in the theatre, with its massively boosted electronic score and noticeable surround sound effects, likely produced a more visceral impact on me than the home viewer would receive. The occasional fight sequences, particularly with the chief replicant villain played by Sylvia Hoeks, also break the otherwise moody atmosphere. In the end, what we have here is a carefully constructed evocation of the earlier film that manages not to screw it up and which uses the latest in filmmaking techniques to add value to the presentation; highly enjoyable, but let's hope the franchise ends here.	4
I'm only giving this two stars based on set design and music/score. Other than that, it's way too long (3 hrs), super BORING and really confusing! I like sci-fi, just not this - what a disappointment.	2
Visually stuning, script not so much	3
?????? ?????? ????????????, ??????????? ?? ??????????? ?????? , 1 ???? ????? ?? ????? ??????? ??????? ????????? ????????? , ?????? ???????? ??????? ????? ?????? ???????? ????? ??????? ??????????? ?????? ???????? ????????????? ??????? ???????????? ???? ??????? ?????? ??????? ?????? ???? ???? ???? ?????????? ????? ?????? ???????? ????? ????????????? ?????? ?????? ?????????? ????????????? ???????? ??????. overrated as fuck. 1??? ?????? ????????? ????????? ???.	2
Decently entertaining, and a great performance from Ryan Gosling, but ultimately the pacing was too slow to keep me that engaged (especially with an almost 3 hour runtime) 3.5/5	3
I wish we could see more "original" thoughts in the new movie. Artificial intelligence becoming/evolved to human or is not so original...	2
before I went to see this I went in expecting a nonstop action thriller and that's not what I got from it yes the ,movie was good and fun to watch but if you want my honesty some parts of it bored me to death I really expected more and better from all the good reviews but I just didn't see it I am not saying skip the movie but I am saying don't over expect	3
If you're looking for the same old in-your-face-action garbage, move along please! This is a piece of thought-provoking cinematic excellence on par with Kubrick's 2001- A Space Odyssey.	4
Sorry. This slow moving, violent, depressing and boring movie left me counting the minutes until it finally came to an end, took forever!! Then had to find my way back from overwhelming feelings of hopelessness. Truly hated this movie.	1
Blade Runner 2049 is another outstanding film by Denis Villeneuve. From the acting, expanding on the story of the original Blade Runner and the incredible visual effects, this is hands down one of the best Sci-fi films to date.	5
Great special effects and really cool concept that was far too predictable.	3
nice to look at on screen. but story itself is about 1 hour too long.	3
It is a spectacular film. Yes the visuals were sublime. But that is not all-Directing excellent, soundtrack haunting and acting top notch. The theme & twisting story line sent me on an Alice in Wonderland journey. A must watch on BIG screen!	5
If you're going to see this, watch the first movie (Blade Runner 2019) first and you will leave a theater with satisfaction and a big clap for the director and the crews. Bravo! not sure if this is considered a spoiler but.. this movie also left me with a hole in my heart. Just like the character Roy Batty did that ending thing all over again.	5
boooooooring, And I couldn't follow plot	1
Everything I wanted it to be, Denis et al -'you've done a man's job sir!' A beautiful movie in every respect. Left the IMAX 3D theatre in a state of shock and it's taken me a couple of days to process what I've seen. If Roger Deakins doesn't get an Oscar for this, there is simply no hope for the Academy. I'm resisting the 'original Blade Runner vs 2049' comparisons other than to say my favourite quote came from Denis Villeneuve himself...''It's the same kind of color palet, but so made by another painter..''. I agree.	5
Fantastic movie - definitely worth seeing on as big a screen as possible.	5
Ummmm... I get the point.	2
Amazingly different but congruent with the original	5
"Blade Runner 2049 manages to be both an ambitious sci-fi film and a great sequel. I was captivated by it all the way through and it's by far the best film of Denis Villeneuve's career"Movie Review: Blade Runner 2049Date Viewed: October 6 2017Directed By Denis Villeneuve (Incendies, Prisoners, Enemy, Sicario and Arrival)Screenplay By Hampton Fancher and Michael Green, Story By Hampton Fancher, Based on characters from "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?" by Philip K. DickStarring: Ryan Gosling, Harrison Ford, Ana de Armas, Sylvia Hoeks, Robin Wright, Carla Juri, Mackenzie Davis, Dave Bautista, Lennie James, David Dastmalchian, Barkhad Abdi, Hiam Abbass, Wood Harris, Jared Leto and Edward James Olmos.When director Ridley Scott's sci-fi noir "Blade Runner" first came out in 1982, critics and audiences were split about it. Some people said that it was a ground-breaking achievement in visual artistry but it's detractors said that it was confusing and too grim for it's own good. I never saw the original cut of "Blade Runner" but I heard that people hated it because of Harrison Ford's annoying narration. When I saw "The Final Cut" for the first time on Blu-Ray, I blown away by it. "Blade Runner" became one of my all-time favorite movies and as of this day, people are still trying to figure out if Rick Deckard is a replicant. If you were hoping to find the answers in "Blade Runner 2049", you will likely be disappointed.Denis Villeneuve's film is not only just as visually striking and emotionally compelling as it's predecessor, it also expands on it's ideas and futuristic world that made the first "Blade Runner" an instant sci-fi classic. Yes, it's futuristic look at Los Angeles might be bleak but it's also beautifully shot by the great cinematographer Roger Deakins. "Blade Runner 2049" might be very long (2 hours and 43 minutes) but I was captivated by it and this is by far the best film of Denis Villeneuve's career.I will try my best not to spoil any details about "2049" because people have been waiting for this sequel for so long and they want to know if it's any good. Does it live up to the original? Yes it does. Set thirty years after the first film, we now follow a new replicant "blade runner" named K (Ryan Gosling), his job is to hunt down and retire rogue older model replicants who have since gone into hiding.K lives in an apartment with his holographic girlfriend named Joi (Ana de Armas). She's an artificial intelligence product of the Wallace Corporation which is run by tycoon inventor Niander Wallace (Jared Leto). Wallace has created replicants who are more subservient and strong than their pre-2019 predecessors from the Tyrell Corporation and he wants all the older models eliminated including former LAPD blade runner Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) who has been missing since the events of the first film. When K hunts down and kills a rogue replicant (Dave Bautista), he discovers a buried box. Forensic analysis reveals that the box contains remains of a female replicant who died of complications from an emergency caesarean section.K wants to find out more about the mystery he uncovered but his superior Lt. Joshi (Robin Wright) wants him to destroy all evidence related to the case and retire the dead female replicant's child. K's investigation leads him into finding Rick Deckard who now lives in an isolated mansion in the ruins of Las Vegas. The interplay between Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford is one of the best aspects of "Blade Runner 2049" and they both give terrific performances. Roger Deakins has to take home the Best Cinematography Oscar next year because his futuristic photography is so breathtakingly gorgeous. He has been nominated for cinematography 13 times already and he has never won, don't you think it's time for you Academy voters to finally give Mr. Deakins his damn Oscar!The production design is also crafted very well, the editing by Joe Walker (12 Years a Slave, Arrival and Sicario) is efficient, the visual effects are of course amazing and spectacular and the screenplay by Michael Green (Green Lantern, Logan and Alien: Covenant) and Hampton Fancher (Blade Runner, The Mighty Quinn and The Minus Man) brilliantly keeps the tone of "2049" very serious. The supporting cast is also superb, Ana de Armas gives a star-making performance as K's holographic girlfriend, Sylvia Hoeks is a pure standout as Luv, Wallace's steely-eyed henchwoman and Jared Leto makes for an interesting antagonist. Edward James Olmos also makes an appearance reprising his role as Gaff who we see complete one last origami figure."Blade Runner 2049" is a film that must be seen on the biggest screen you can find in your local theater. If you don't have IMAX in your city or town, that's a shame because you don't know what your missing. While the original "Blade Runner" had brilliantly powerful ideas, themes and visions, "2049" further expands them in a way that's both universal and extraordinary. This is a big-budget sequel that respects your intelligence and your time. "Blade Runner 2049" manages to be both an ambitious sci-fi film and a great sequel.	4
I really do not get this movie. I do not understand the high rating. The movie was 2 hours and 57 minutes of boredom. I'm just posting this for anyone who may see the high rating and go just as I did. Save your time, save your money, and please go see something else. I have MoviePass so I got in for free and I still didn't get my money's worth.	1
Good cinematography but a very tiring plot and Ryan Gosling underperforming didn't really help me get a good emotional connection with the character	3
Very entertaining, if not a bit long	4
Really good, a realistic outlook to our future , worth watching	4
a major disappointment	2
Huh? Story was slow and confusing. Or I'm slow and confused. Scenery was great, but i could go to a home show for that.	1
Great visuals, amazing score!	4
Breathtaking graphics mixed with the grand cinematography and the fantastic writing leads to another dive into the mysterious world of Blade Runner.	5
Good but had so much unnecessary sexual content that brought the movie down due to the complete randomness of it. All else was perfect. I loved the story line and everything about this movie. Really enjoyed it.	4
You definitely need to have seen the first film, my daughter hadn?t and was confused by story line, but absolutely epic. Loved it	4
Keeps the feel style and universe of blade runner. Main theme is good and overall delivery is excellent, but the company Wallace etc are all a little light and thin	4
Hype as fuck love it	5
Better than the first	3
Amazing, would've been a five if they had cut out a handful of superfluous characters. Super tight art direction and sound design. This easily blends into the world of the original.	4
Engrossing visually and sonically, rooting for the underdogs. Always wondering, How did it all get so bleak? Any way out of this dystopia?	4
First 2 acts are perfect, 3rd has some flaws despite a gutsy plot twists, but the awe-inspiring visuals and haunting score alone are worth the effort. Villaneuve and Gosling are among the very best in the game right now, the actress who plays Luv is a scene stealer.	4
Getting caught up on my reviews. This is one of my favorites movies this year. I liked the pace, even though many will find it very slow. Cinematography was amazing. Its always great to stare at Gosling, plus he can act. I did find Leto's character not necessary and his monologue felt endless. Was a good time at teh movies with this one. Even through it was almost 3 hours, it did not feel it. We saw it in Dolby with vibrating seats. It got old fast.	4
Blade Runner: 2049 is a fantastic film that does fans of the oringinal justice also while giving audiences new the lore a great ride. The sound design with its music with HEAVY synths and fog horns that were so loud cups would start shaking in the theater, it was extremely immersive. Another great part of the sound design was the guns and punches having great impactful sounds (espically the guns) The special effects are the some of the best ive ever seen in a movie and I think the effects will land the movie with an oscar. Another great aspect is the use of color and the eyes. In the movie you can identify almost all of the characters just by the color of their eyes. Ryan Gosling's performance was spectacular, he plays this replicant character perfectly and the way he showed his emotions only with his eyebrows and his mouth rarely ever moved for emotion was a great touch. Hell the entire cast was great at playing their roles. The only complaint I have is the use of nudity in some scenes never made complete sense to me especially with the hologram near the end. If you have some insight to the use of these scenes please tell me! P.S. I NEED to know what happened to the dog.	4
Very Boring! Effects were horrible! It was very long which is great for a good movie, not so for a Bad movie! Wait for rental if you feel you must see it!!!	1
It's an awful movie that attempts to be deep and philosophical but has about the depth of a teaspoon. It's nothing like the original Blade Runner and drags out every moment it can with long, awkward pauses and scenes that seem to have no value. It's disjointed and the rantings of Mr. Wallace are just stupid, as if they were written by someone who wants people to think they've read literally any part of the Bible but hasn't. I can't recommend not seeing this film enough.	1
All style, no substance.	2
movie way tooo sloooowwwww!!!!!	4
put me to sleep. overhyped.	1
This film is a brilliantly conceived and realised extension of the sublime original. Slow moving? Well if you want ray guns/aliens/action (you know - the utter bollocks sci fi crap) go and watch something else. However, if you are interested in what it means to be alive, to form relationships, to have children, to dare to hope and dream in the face of a cruel, random and mendacious world, to marvel at the drive to have a sense of meaning, to walk out of the cinema having had your 3rd eye wiped clean; to see something that chips away at your senses dulled by received opinion and conformity then go and see this incredible work of art, because that is what the best art does for you	5
While the theatrical release suffered from being edited too short, making it choppy and confusing, 2049 suffers from the opposite problem. Scenes are too long, leading to a loss of tension. Trying to use an increase in volume to create tension, fails. Hopefully the DVD release will fix it.	3
Hmm...very pretty. But this sequel wasn't entirely necessary. My biggest complaint was how common place replicants had become. They were everywhere, even working for the police as Blade Runners. In the original, they were escapees from off-world mines. The memory implant plot line was a good device, but it doesn't sustain the entire movie. Sadly there is nothing in this film which compares to the philosophical ramblings of Rutger Hauer as he's beating the crap out of Harrison Ford. Too bad to, because I like Denis Villeneuve's other work. I'll just pretend this didn't happen and wait for his next film.	3
A Classy Masterpiece!!!	5
This was a ridiculous movie :( wasted my time and money.... I cant believe that people rated this movie, I Give it NO STARS if this App would allow me to.	1
In my review for the original 1982 Blade Runner, I had said that it was truly bizarre and I didn't understand why it had garnered such a respectable reputation. 5 years later, it may be due for a revisit. The mistake I made in approaching it's sequel, Blade Runner 2049 was that of not rewatching the original prior to seeing it. With that being said, I wonder how much of a difference it would have made... the title card in the very beginning briefly explains the plot involving Replicants, an artificially intelligent humanoid capable of great and terrible things. Their numbers grow exponentially, and at the beginning of Blade Runner 2049, it appears that not only are their multiple models of the Replicants, they've also seemingly outnumbered the humans. Even with this preliminary description, it wasn't enough to prepare me for what followed; an intelligent plot, but also one that is extremely convoluted. The story moves along so slowly over the course of it's 2 hour and 45 minute running time that I began to doze off in the first act, and that's a rarity. This was clearly made for fans of the original movie. Ryan Gosling is good in the lead as a newer Replicant detective, but the robotic restrictions of the character don't give him much space to flex his acting muscles. Harrison Ford returns from the original, doing a decent job as well. This is a Denis Villeneuve movie (director of Prisoners, Sicario, and Arrival), so I knew it was a guarantee there would be something positive about it. What Blade Runner 2049 does so well, and what makes it worth the price of admission is it's jaw dropping visuals, it's booming soundtrack, and scarce but intense violence. Gosling's character's holographic artificial wife looks phenomenal and interacts with the physical world with a mind bending but sharp awareness for genuine physics. The neon lights and flying cars practically breathe off of the screen, despite having seen it in 2D (do people even see 3D movies anymore?). Hans Zimmer's soundtrack echoes similarities with Daft Punk's Tron Legacy soundtrack, so it sounds amazing in the theater. 2049 is essentially a one-and-done deal for me; if you are going to see it at all, it has to be seen in a theater. I understand that the producers allowed Villeneuve to release his own cut, which I think was a mistake and is likely the biggest reason it did so poorly at the box office. Audiences are not used to movies like this; frankly that includes myself. However, I know there are people out there who deeply appreciate a story like this, and hopefully you're one of them.	3
Really kept the same feel of the original movie without being a copy	5
Spectacular film! Totally original with faithful nods to its predecessor. There is some really inventive film making here with completely new CGI. Unique sets are otherworldly but totally make contextual and geographical sense. Love love love that the director included French Canadians. (How often do we get to see them in an English film?) Every minute of this film is necessary, nothing is wasted.	5
This is quite simply a masterpiece. The visuals are stunning the acting is great the scor is amazing and the story will stay with you for a long time afterward. I urge you to gee see it at the cinema or at least rent on blu ray or stream it on Netflix or amazon as it is absolutely phonemonal	5
Just go and see this movie!	5
This is what modern cinema needs. More effort on the story and cinematography and less on the action scenes. This film is possibly better than the original.	5
Great moving and pacing. The actors are at their peak in the film. Don?t really need to see the first to understand 2049 but I think it helps. I wasn?t phased by the run time.	4
long and boring, wait on this one. the rotten tomatoes ratings in the 80s misled me into this movie. What a lie this rating is!!	1
A visually stunning, thoughtful, poetic, character based drama.	5
Pretty good movie, a little slow at times,	4
Once, in a prior review, I posited the question of whether or not any of these endless streams of remakes, reboots, and sequels could actually stand alone on their own merits, without the benefit of any well-established franchise behind them. In an era where Hollywood has become allergic to new ideas and new stories, we often find ourselves in the position of having to constantly to compare what would otherwise be "new" work to the ever sacrosanct "original."The problem with this attitude is that sooner or later we fail to distinguish what are genuine attempts to expand upon a truly compelling narrative from the mass of rehashed cash grabs.Being a devotee of Ridley Scott, I could hardly trust my own judgement in this matter, not without a second opinion, so I took the expedient of having two unbiased observers with me who had never seen the 1982 film, which is still considered one of the greatest science fiction films ever made. Indeed, one of the best films ever made, period.2049 is indeed impressive, both as an expansion and in its own rights.For one it has a really good story with some truly memorable characters, not least of which is Ryan Goslings KD6.3-7 or "K" for short, a bland-faced hunter-killer tasked with running down old model replicants across a rain-soaked dystopian future-scape. Society has degraded even further than what was presented in the original film: the mass of slaves, replicant and human, paid and unpaid, forced to eke out a substance in service to a small priesthood of god-king CEOs living in isolation atop pyramid sky-scapers. There is no escape from this world in the physical sense; the entirety of the earth has become a dead-land of worm farms and scrap heaps, while the living cities are little more than leviathan concrete tenements whose holographic, neon Christmas lights can no longer conceal the rot and ugliness beneath it. Director Villeneuve is lucky in that he has Roger Deakins, one of best and most under-stated cinematographers working in Hollywood today on his team to bring this world alive. Probably the most impressive feat of 2049 is that it can be watched without any reference at all to the original, the observers I had with thought it was one of the best sci-fi films they had ever seen; indeed, I would recommend to anyone new to the series that they watch 2049 first. A good noir relies on mystery, and 2049 builds it's mystery in way that is probably even more alluring to those who don't have a the full backstory, while containing just enough twists for those who do to prevent the plot from becoming too predictable. Even Harrison Ford, for whom this film could have been just another stop on his Great Remake Tour is in so many ways just another "person of interest" in K's path; a bitter old man living in the ruins of sand-swept hotel who offers little more than cryptic breadcrumbs and sour observations on life between sips of whiskey. (Next stop, Lancaster, Pennsylvania for the exciting conclusion of Witness),2049 at times seems a film that is self-aware of its legacy, not in the sense of some obscure fan canon known only to the initiated, but rather its place in cinema history. It's not looking to re-create the wonder that the original inspired; instead what it aims to accomplish is to take all the lessons learned by directors over the past 35 years and apply them in a way that is as groundbreaking in our time as the original was in its own. In that sense, 2049 succeeds at times, though it is not without it share of pitfalls or unnecessary CGI cameos a la Star Wars (gee, I wonder WHOSE idea that was). Indeed, the film's only cinema sin is in that one brief scene where it stumbles into blatant computer-generated fan service. Otherwise it would have been near perfect. Yet even where the film doesn't break new ground, it still resonates with the same verve as the 1982 film, which is hardly a bad thing.	4
Progressed too slowly for me but otherwise a decent movie.	3
The length of 2.75 hours is ridiculous with scenes that could have easily been slashed. I am glad I saw it on a quality screen with great special effects. As with a lot of fantasy movies, this has a journey format. But the journey was a lot of fun and suspenseful. This movie is not for those who love romantic comedies or those in need of a nap.	4
Forrest Gump's girlfriend Robin Wright is scary here because she's musculine as fcuk, A guy next to me in the cinema fast asleep watching this film. Absolute snore fest. Props for Gossling character being a virgin at 30. Anyway, a massive androic jawn.	1
It's the subtleties of this film that provide the depth needed to complete this work of art. What begins as awkwardly shaped puzzle pieces, delicately forms into a mesmerizing and tightly-fitting puzzle. The direction is inspirational, and the sets add a certain omonous feel, that the audience can't manage to shake until the 164 minutes of footage come to an end. A beautifully crafted film that finds meaning in what is supposed to be a soulless world in the year 2049.	4
So long and so slow. Checked my watch 5 times.	1
I first saw the original Blade Runner on TV late at night in the early 90s and I absolutely fell in love with it. It still stands as my all time favorite film regardless of genre. I have been anticipating Blade Runner 2049, but I have done so with trepidation. Thankfully for fans of the Blade Runner universe this move didn't try to duplicate the first. It does not completely stand on it's own and movie goers are better served by watching the original. The visuals, sounds and music are above reproach. The story is good, but it does require some knowledge of the first movie and a tendency to enjoy science fiction, futurism or analyzing movies scenes, plots and ideas for days, months or years. This is not a movie that any scifi fan should skip while in the theater. This is not a movie for any film aficionado to miss while in the theater. This is not a movie for people take casual as it deserves to be scene, heard, watched, discussed and understood. GO SEE THIS MOVIE AT THE IMAX BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!!!	4
A visual masterpiece accompanied by Hans Zimmer brilliant score. Denis Villeneuve delivers again with this compelling story with outstanding acting from the talented cast. This is one of those films that will go on to inspire people to get into cinema. From visual effects, soundtrack, and story, Blade Runner 2049 solidifies itself as one of the best films of the year. 5/5	5
better than the original, go in expecting an art film, not a sci Fi film	5
A technical masterpiece.The editing, sound design, production design, visual effects, music, and ESPECIALLY Denis Villeneuve's direction and Roger Deakin's cinematography are all on point.The make-up artists, costume designers and cast all rose to the challenge as well and all delivered equally impressive work.Is it as strong on a storytelling level as it is on a technical level? No.However, the characters and story are still fascinating all around and this universe has even been expanded upon in several unique and interesting ways that had me thouroghly entranced by the experience.There might not be a "Tears in the Rain" moment that gives this film the same emotional punch as the original...But... we still have, at the end of the day, a gorgeous work of art that further explores the intriguing and meaningful questions that were originally posed to us from the original:What does it mean to be human?Where are we going?Who are we?What are we capable of being?Any piece of media that looks this good and isn't in any way superficial but is instead brimming with meaning and is able to spark real discussion, I feel comfortable calling a work of art.	4
This film is a worthy sequel to the original and, as such, deserved better reviews from so called film critics. I remain convinced that most alleged movie critics do not understand, much less appreciate, the genre.	4
What is everyone smoking on here!?? this movie was not only LONG as heck but absolutely TERRIBLE. Super slow, barely any action, the list goes on and on....	1
A very fascinating view of what the future might hold!	4
Don't miss out! one of my favorite science fiction movies of all time	5
A brief, yet completely wholesome animated feature with some terrifically unique animation and surprising maturity.	4
Very good movie! Fantastic animation! Good story, and great pacing. Also very dark for an animated movie you would think is for kids.	4
Really well done and sweet	5
Life comes at you fast, and for some kids life comes even faster. This film is an every day reality, kids finding solace in each other through sorry situations.	5
This film was one of the nominees for 2017 Oscar for animated films (Zootopia won). While this a sweet story with a very happy conclusion, it is not for younger children. However with adult supervision, this film could teach young children important life lessons. The first few moments of this movie are quite dark. The reasons that the children are in foster care is also realistic and not sugar-coated. The stop-motion animation is bright, involving and with more details than can be absorbed. The soundtrack is very French and goes well with the animation style. The movie moves slowly, but is not boring. The French spoken is basic, but the English subtitles are helpful. It even renewed some of my high school French vocabulary skills. This movie portrays life with a happy ending without eliminating the different routes many of us take. Stay for the closing credits, about half way in is an imaginative bonus scene which was funny and still poignant.	5
I was not in the mood for a movie but I went along and watched it. That itself could have been a factor. The interplay of the dark and light elements made it charming. The little stories combined together. The different faces and personalities, I loved it all. Do you like Calvin and Hobbes? Sometimes the kids in the movie say things, in a childish charming way, that grown ups would say. Yet it still suits them. I've enjoyed this movie a lot and recommend it to everyone!	5
surprising original with much more emotional depth than your average animated film. provoked some questions about sex and relationships from my 9 year old. also my 12 year old found it to be surprisingly dark.both rated it 5 stars.	5
The movie can be funny and heartbreaking at once-Zucchini's only keepsake of his mother is an empty beer can-though in the end what registers most is the children's resilience when "there's nobody left to love us."	4
Quiet, gentle and heartwarming stop motion that hit all the right spots.	4
A refreshing film about children that doesn't underestimate them.	5
An absolutely gorgeous & heart-warming film, both for the animation, and the story. Disney, take note - this is how stories about "family", your favourite subject, should be done. Make it real. Make it hard, but make it worth it.	5
Courgette is a nine-year-old boy with blue hair, a red nose, and big round eyes. Luckily for him, these features are not unusual among the denizens of "My Life as a Zucchini", a French stop-motion animated film."Courgette", which means "zucchini" in French, is actually the boy's nickname. (There's also an English remake in which the boy's name is "Zucchini", which seems a lot worse.)Courgette is an imaginative kid who lives with his beer-swilling mom until such point that he's abruptly orphaned and a kindly policeman brings him to the orphanage that will be his new home. There he meets a group of similarly-damaged kids who spend the remainder of the 66 minute running time being happy and sad and mean and kind and generally acting like regular kids trying to make the best of their unfortunate situations.This movie is heartbreaking one minute and uplifting the next. There are sad scenes like when the newly-orphaned Courgette clings to the only memento he has of his mother -- an empty beer can. And there are joyous scenes like an overnight ski trip with a dance party. The fact that the movie is voiced by actual children lends it an air of credibility and poignancy. Though this is a movie ABOUT kids, it's definitely not a movie FOR kids. Not only are there graphic discussions in which the kids' share their misinformed notions about sex, there are also the orphans' own grim backstories. Heed my advice or brace yourself for an awkward discussion in the car ride home. If you see this (and if you're not a little kid, you definitely should), stick around for the credits. About halfway through, there's a charming animated sequence of one of the child actors auditioning for the part of Courgette.	4
Short Term 12 meets Spirited Away	5
Very good movie...a must see on Netflix	5
Darker than I expected, and quite unusual, but really good.	4
Top notch animation and a very sweet story about a kid that ends up at an orphanage after his drunk mom dies. It reminds me a bit of "Coraline" or "Mary and Max" two other solid animated movies. This one is more childfriendly, though.It's short, fittingly so - nothing seem left behind or most importantly nothing is dragged out.They put in a nice little Wilhelm scream too. Cool.7.5 out of 10 tape recorders.	3
Gorgeous stop-motion animation and a really sweet story about an orphan	4
Beautifully made film with a mature story and tone with fantastic animations.	5
Feels true to confusing and sad experience of children in a disorienting and unnatural environment.	4
My Life as a Courgette a wonderfully affecting French-Swiss stop-motion masterpiece based on Gilles Paris's book Autobiographie d'une courgette, tells a simple story simply, drawing its power from point of view, as a troubled 9-year-old recounts his stint in a group home following the death of his alcoholic mother conveys deep feelings. Director Claude Barras succeeds brilliantly in his stated ambition to "make a film about children that speaks to them about abuse and its remedies in today's world". Part of the magic lies in the gentle rhythm of the editing, eschewing quick cuts for unfashionably lengthy takes, lingering upon tiny reactions - a blink here, a shrug there - through which the real story unfolds. The landscapes in which these children live may be full of shadows, but the use of bold colours - red, blue, brown, yellow - adds a bright spark of defiance to their characters.	5
An undeniably sweet film which works its darker elements into the central story without creating significant tonal whiplash, My Life As A Zucchini might have an odd title, but it's not as odd as its aesthetics. It's a downright bizarre looking film, with characters whose body mass is roughly 80% head, and a very bright colour palette. It doesn't have the greatest of impacts, partly with it only being an hour long, but you grow to like and appreciate its characters, seeing very real drama in their massive eyes, and its told with a mostly upbeat sensibility so it never becomes wearisome. They start out rather bland and stock, and while not all of them get a chance to flourish, the ones who do will easily win you over. It won't be my first choice if I'm reaching for an animated flick in the near future, but I'd happily watch it again if given the chance.	4
Short but sweet, My Life As A Zucchini covers more ground in 65 minutes than some feature length films do in 145. A mature, quirky take on foster care and child abuse that should be seen by all. The stop-motion animation is gorgeous yet grunge which fits the melancholic undertone of the film perfectly. Zucchini explores themes that can be appreciated by children and adults alike. Aside from one on-going gag involving exploding cocks (not sure how the English dub handles it) the film serves as a rewarding experience for the whole family.	4
Simple and sober, My Life as a Courgette manages to balance its charm with a sensitive, sincere portrayal of issues for children in care. My Life as a Courgette utilises its lovable characters (and emotional investment in them) to confront its audience with challenging themes. The animation in My Life as a Courgette is delightful; characters' faces are wonderfully expressive; showing each subtle thought and feeling. My Life as a Courgette uncompromisingly shows children handling issues they shouldn't have to handle. Disarmingly powerful for only 66 minutes, My Life as a Courgette is a little masterpiece of a film.	5
In this Oscar nominated stop motion animated feature from Switzerland/France, a horrible accident happened early on and the rest of the film deals with the aftermath as a young boy now finds himself in a foster home. Under more melodramatic (or American) hands, this could be tortuously contrived or sentimental; but understatement is the key here and the film manages to touch on various rather adult subject matters in a way that is truthful, accessible and not overwhelming for the intended younger audience, while for the older companions, they will find something emotionally and visually rich. The narrative is arguably a tad simplistic and over-optimistic, but at just over an hour long, it is a succinct and life affirmingly positive film that uses nothing but clay and a lot of heart to wonderful effect.	4
Animaciòn belga que no tiene pierde.	3
Dark subject matter that is handled expertly and with a unique personal style in the stop motion character designs. I liked the story line, but despite the shortness of the movie I was a by bored in the middle. I liked the song at the end it seemed to capture a bit of melancholy and optimism.	4
AMAZING a great movie I insist you watch. My only criticism is that it may be too much heavy emotion for kids. But i'm still blown away!	4
what fuck is this. This movie is shit	1
Powerful, beautiful and wonderfully rendered, this animated film explores some of the most difficult parts of the human experience. That it happens to be a children's film makes this all the more impressive. As it explores the story of a young boy named Zucchini, it sheds light on what it means to find our place in this world when everything around us is crumbling. We watch as he loses his family to alcoholism and must learn to cope with this loss as he adjusts to life in an orphanage, and ultimately the later choice to enter a new forever family. As someone who has been through the adoption process, watching it from this perspective was heartbreaking and revealing. It really explores all of the stuff that I could only imagine, perhaps most powerfully the choice that Zucchini must eventually make to leave the only friends he knows behind for a new family that remains uncertain. There is a level of trust required in that moment of decision that never quite hit me until I saw it explored in this film. Well worth a viewing, and for anyone who has adopted, it should be necessary viewing.	4
The cutest film you will see this year. Beautiful. I cried, but not out of sadness.	5
Excellent movie for the whole family.	5
Heartbreakingly beautiful and painful.	3
Caught this down The Watershed! I error went to the French version, but it didn't spoil the story to be told. Deals with loads of topics that kids will understand. Highly recommended!	5
cute! kinda fucked up. but cute.	5
WHAT I LIKED: The joyous simplicity and heart that bleeds from "My Life as a Zucchini's" mere 66 minutes really is astounding, and I for one am confident in putting it right up there with the best of the year so far as a result. Yes this is, without doubt, a lot more than some fun little short, as it packs more emotion and meaning than many films double its run-time, and delivers it all in a way that feels perfectly paced and balanced at the same time. Seriously, not a scene here is rushed or dragged out, yet the humanity of the characters and story is such that you wouldn't even mind if it was, as they hook you into the whole experience extremely tightly indeed. For that, huge credit should of course be given to the brilliant direction and voice acting, but it would also be criminal to not mention the animation itself which is just as charming and beautiful as the film that it brings to life.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE: It is perhaps true that the tough reality is a little too delicately expressed, but then brutality isn't really the idea here.VRRDICT: A beautiful, heartfelt and touching film that captures more of the magic of film in 66 minutes than most others manage in 200. Just brilliant.	4
prepara os lencinhos e vai.	4
A little bit of a grown up cartoon for children and adults alike! Amazing!	5
Perfect. Funny and powerful. A cartoon kids aren't ready for but should see.	5
Hermosa animación en esta historia profunda pero a la vez entretenida con hermosos personajes.	4
Much enjoyed this move with my girls. Highly recommend it.	5
I've never watched a movie so singular, simple but fantastic and beautiful as "Ma vie de Courgette". It deserves to be seen by everyone ... everyone. Even though it can teach kids out to embrace each other and live on with life no matter how tuff it may sound, adults will find also a space when they can get envolved with this extraordinary experience. Courgette might be one of the most innocent and sweetest characters i've ever seen. Alongside "Moana", "Ma vie de Courgette" is one of the best animated feature of 2016 and a big step in stop-motion animation!	4
Top 10 list of best animated films that talk about important issues. This adorable yet sad beautifully animated tale is something that every kid should see. I don't agree with some of the reviews. It's not to inappropriate, it's just real life and i love the damaged character designs of the kids showing their past challenges	5
This poignant 65 minute Oscar nominated action film is incredibly moving. iZucchini is a nine year old boy recently orphaned and sent to an orphanage with other left behind children. Don't miss this moving animated movie (plus it is gorgeous looking).	5
Pow! Right in the feels!	4
Strong and powerful.	5
A sweet story that feels the entire time like it's building a sense of dread.	3
What a nice surprise this movie is!	5
C'est super ! Je l'ai vu en français, mais je suis certain qu'ils l'ont font parfaitement en anglais aussi !	5
Hermosa, emotiva con un gran mensaje	4
Though the themes in this film are a tad mature for children to fully grasp, My Life as a Zucchini has such a lovely way of explaining them to viewers of all ages. Visually stimulating and lovingly told story about learning to reach or again, even after you've been broken down.	4
Fantastic emotional journey and gorgeous stop-motion animation.	4
'Ma Vie de Courgette' is a stop motion animated feature that is as endearing as it is beautiful. What a wonderful heart wrenching film that comes with a short at the beginning that is just as captivating. Despite the animation this would be a tough watch for kids under ten as there are some mature themes. The painstaking approach to this from sound mixing to to the details of the animation make it worth seeing, but having a story that engages the viewer makes it one of the best animated films of the year. Released in December 2016, it garnered nominations for Best Animated Feature by both the Golden Globes and the Academy Awards. It also made the Academy's short list for best Foreign Language film, but didn't receive a nod. It's being re-released dubbed in English, but no matter what language you watch the story resonates. Watch through the Credits!! Final Score 9.1/10	4
5 Stars. Absolutely adored this film! It made my heart swell up and my eyes like no other animated film this year. It's a masterpiece through as through. It handled real life situations with children the best I've seen since Short Term 12. Doesn't play dumb for anyone but still keeps its incredibly delightful, and mostly at the same time, melancholic tone straight through. These are the types of films our children should be seeing. This is what real love/life looks/feels like.	5
Very touching movie. Heartfelt and honest.	5
An inspiring and touching story about friendship, acceptance, and survival.	5
Fantastic. Surprisingly heavy at times, but incredibly touching and well thought the whole time.	5
Sometimes I wonder how the Academy decides upon nominees for Best Animated Feature. There are always these foreign films that get nominated in the category but never have a chance of winning because the voters go with the most popular choice, so how do they come across something like this little gem? The beautiful textures in My Life as a Zucchini aren't limited to the onscreen animation; the textures of the script are personified with the visuals. The humor, heart, and melancholia of the storytelling makes this an unusually honest movie, and even if it isn't quite for children, it's for families regardless. Icare is a nine-year-old child whose father has passed and whose mother is an alcoholic. She calls him Zucchini (or Courgette, as is the term in Europe, hence the original French title Ma vie de Courgette), and after her death, he is taken away to an orphanage where he meets several other kids with similar domestic issues. He forms relationships with them, mostly a bully named Simon and a girl that he has a crush on named Camille, being regularly visited by a police officer named Raymond with whom he shares a father-son connection. The movie is commendable in how it treats these characters, ranging from the accuracy of their naïveté to the shadings of emotions that they deal with and often share. It has a PG-13 rating here in the United States and it's well founded, given the movie's discussions of domestic abuse and suicide in addition to the kids' hilariously stilted attempts at explaining sex and pregnancy to each other. We don't get an explanation in this movie about storks delivering babies but instead talk about how men's willies explode while the women shout affirmative words such as "yes" over and over. Director/co-writer Claude Barras and co-writers Céline Sciamma, Germano Zullo, and Morgan Navarro look at the world through the eyes of these children-they know how things are supposed to be, but they don't at all know the answers. The results are funny and sad in realistic ways without falling back on exploiting audience sympathy. All of these moments make for a package that is as colorful as the characters, and with the film's 66-minute runtime, it goes by quickly and the arcs feel organic. One might fear that it would feel rushed narratively, but the pacing here is very well controlled. The only issues with My Life as a Zucchini stem from the peripheral characters, who feel like placeholders most of the time. Despite all of the characters having their little quirks, some of them don't really do much and it makes the movie feel a little imbalanced in terms of depth. Regardless, this is one of the very best movies of 2017 so far and the best nominee for Best Animated Feature this past awards season, above Kubo and the Two Strings. It's a storybook of warmth and craftsmanship, being cute without ever grating on you. You'll want to hug your parents and friends. 8.8/10, terrific, A-, far above average, etc.	4
(Review is of the subtitled version, not the dubbed version).A vicious sucker punch to the feels. Really well done.	5
So touching and emotional, very well done film for kids and adults.	5
This is a short, but beautiful little film filled with sorrow, joy, bittersweetness, love and the camaraderie only those in any sort of trenches together can develop. It may be a bit too idyllic in some ways, but the little touches that abound in this film about the often ignored and neglected children in our world make it a memorable and charming cinematic achievement.	4
My Life as a Zucchini is one of the year's finest animated as well as foreign films. The script is very strong, the editing is superb, the dialogue is mostly realistic, the characters are so well developed and its animation is charming and wonderful. It is a film that is both light and dark, funny and emotional, childlike but also adult and that juxtaposition of humor and joy with tragic faiths and deep moments led to such an interesting, quite unique and rich film.	4
A sobering stop-animation film from France that sports a charming and unique look, but carries a storyline that's gravely serious. Focusing on children that have lost their parents, the film touches on tumultuous themes such as death and abuse, and even has humor regarding how children perceive sex (don't worry mom and pop, it's veiled enough to be mostly harmless for kids). Yet the film remains fully endearing, with character designs that are easy-on-the-eyes as well as artistically fascinating, and the world of the film is depicted in a way that's both down-to-earth yet fantastic. Running at just 66 minutes, the film may end a little too early for some's taste, but it also doesn't have any wasted space, and it's hardly a flaw for a film to leave its viewers wanting more. My Life as a Zucchini is a well-welcome example of how modern animation can be as enjoyable as it is artistic.	4
While presenting itself as a kid's movie, Zucchini tackles surprisingly adult themes in an extremely competent manner	5
Best animated movie I've seen for the past 10 years.	5
Though it isn't really special, a lot of people will find it hard to resist this sweet and tender story full of heart about abandonment and friendship, given the realistic way it talks about its themes and its expressive characters made in a very lovely stop-motion animation.	3
Cute. Great animation. But I became bored - but do recommend for animation fans.	2
Dark themes for kids, and ho-hum animation	2
Edgy, strangely designed, personal and sometimes emotionally shocking; this is definitely not your average animated movie about kids, which may actually still be for kids, and especially those with relatable parent situations. [Sundance viewing]	4
Wow!! So amazing. Now I know I haven't see Moana yet but I'm gonna go ahead and say this is my favorite animated film of 2016!! Loved this so much! So thankful I got to see it today at the Palm Springs International Film Festival. This is Switzerland's entry for Best Foreign Language Film for the Oscars. I hope it gets that nomination AS WELL as Best Animated Film. Beautiful stop motion film. Can't believe this is Director Claude Barras first film! Done so well. I love stop motion animation. Cute moments. The script was amazing. Beautiful story. It was dark but still had a good balance of funny. It was also very touching. Got me teary-eyed lol. This movie broke my heart then uplifted me. Love love loved it. The music was great as well. It was only a little over an hour long so I wish it was longer lol. Loved being around this group of kids. I loved the language as well. French is so beautiful & I'm so in love with it. The movie translated is called My Life as a Zucchini. Also seen it called My Life as a Courgette. I'm not sure I will find it on Blu Ray here but I'm hoping I can get it at least digitally cause I NEED to own this. These characters will stay with me for a long time.	5
One of the most enjoyable films I have seen in a long time. This film is absolutely beautiful in story and execution.	5
Sentimental. Sweet. Empty calories.	3
Highly recommandable stop motion ! I liked the film from the very first till the very last minute!	4
Exceptionally good stop animation film driven by a heartwarming story.	4
Funny, moving, hopeful. A wonder.	5
Simple animation with a surprisingly adult theme.	3
By far one of the best animation films I've ever seen. Honest and romantic at the same time.	5
City of Ghosts is genuinely heartbreaking, but incredibly inspiring. Constantly makes you think "Why aren't we doing more?" Excellent documentary. It's thrilling and challenging. Beautiful cinematography in a grim world. On Amazon Prime now.	4
Intense documentary focusing on the Caliphation of Raqqa by ISIS, and how a small group of Syrian journalists, launched a damaging, yet dangerous, propaganda campaign against the occupying forces. Filling the power vacuum left by the civil war, Daesh became an ensconced army, cutting off all access to the outside world, prohibiting media from reporting on the atrocities being carried out on the local populace.This documentary follows the small group of journalists, known collectively as 'Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently', as they attempt to educate the outside world on the barbaric acts being carried out on civilians in their home city, armed only with cell phones and laptops. Their power and influence becomes so intense, that ISIS focus all their efforts on finding the men, forcing them to flee to neighbouring countries to carry on their work. They soon find out that they aren't safe anywhere, as more and more family members and friends, are murdered by ISIS, in an attempt to draw them out.Where the documentary works best, is when it highlights the danger these young reporters face, no matter how many safe-houses they move between, all throughout Europe, as the reach of ISIS extends across Europe, spreading a fear of immigrants and refugees, ultimately inflaming radicalisation and inciting hatred. It also serves as a reminder on how powerful propaganda can be during war - Daesh stop at nothing in their attempts to find these men, giving them far more attention than any opposition soldier on the ground.An eye-opening watch for sure, especially for those with limited knowledge on the Syrian conflict.	4
"City of Ghosts" is a haunting documentary that reminds us all that we should take the freedom of the press seriously because in places like Syria, it is dangerous and tragic to have this right taken away. Thumbs way up. One of the best movies of the year.	5
Tense and informative, yet it tails off towards the second half.	4
I found this film so intense and brilliant! You're finally given insight into people who are not part of the regime but fighting against. I was heart struck and heartbroken many times during this film. We live in a world surrounded by the bad of isis and "muslims", I was brought to tears to see what a strong brotherhood they had for doing good and exposing the bad. Their story is so powerful during this documentary. We all have an obligation to watch this as a reminder of the way we quietly judge or live in fear of "them". This movie Is so important to remind us that we're all the same! Powerfully poignant!! Hard for the American mind/eye to see, which makes it even more relevant!	5
A bit self obsessed- Not much substance, with good editing this can be brought into 25-26 minutes. Far too long at 2 hours.The teenage boys graffiti incident happened in Deraa, not Raqqa...	2
I see the cinema screen not just as the cinema screen itself, but as a smokescreen or sorts that allows the audience to simultaneously swallow difficult content with relative ease and see the onscreen performances as realer than the truly are. That's how documentaries appeal to me-their deviance from traditional filmmaking creates a different sense of realism. The bridge between documentary filmmaking and everyday documentation by way of smartphones has become more connective over the past decade, and with that, it seems logical that a film like City of Ghosts would both celebrate the agency of its central journalists. While it comes off as a bit overwhelmed by the gravity of its material with how it tends to run in circles in the second half, City of Ghosts is still impassioned, timely, and appropriately hopeful, and often with a sense of palpable camaraderie amongst its subjects. Looking at Syrian activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently (RBSS for short) and its use of social media and online journalism to fight against ISIS, director/producer Matthew Heineman also focuses on the ensuing threats and executions by the latter against the former. Archival footage is balanced well with talking heads and material shot specifically for the film, and as mentioned before, there's a sense of intimacy at times that Heineman and his camera capture rather well-sometimes very well. It's a movie that often has the crutch of shocking imagery to galvanize its viewers into a sense of sympathy, but thankfully stays away from it most of the time for the first 50 minutes or so if its 93-minute runtime. Issues here arise in about the last 43 minutes, where Heineman seems to become a bit unsure of how to structure his insight. Although City of Ghosts never fully loses its sense of engagement-it would be hard to do so with such content-there seems to be more reliance on reference to recent events that hit closer to home for Western audiences. (Oh, let's just toss in news footage about the Pulse Nightclub shooting.) The film seems to have spent its ammunition of insight in the former half, causing the latter half to repeat points, themes, and emotional through lines. It's a bit like when you have a really good essay that's effective and draws attention, but the author has to make sure that it's within the range of the requested word count so their conclusion paragraph is twice is really a series of paragraphs, just so it doesn't also go over the word count. But just like such work, its heart is in the wrong place, and it doesn't try to guilt you into following the filmmaker's ideologies. Hitting a good balance between an outspoken viewpoint and objectivity, City of Ghosts isn't something to floor audiences, but it's definitely needed and realistic in its expectations and statements. 7.4/10, pretty good, B, above average, etc.	3
Touching and powerful. Reminds me how important it is we practice that injustice to one of us is an injustice to all of us. Power to the people.	5
This movie should be seen by anyone who believes in blocking Syrian refugees from entering our country. These people are suffering unspeakable horrors at the hands if ISIS. Regardless of the ultimate outcome, their county will never be the same and these citizen journalists are doing what they can, at the risk of their own lives, to get the word out in the hope the rest of the world will realize what's really happening over there.	5
Triste documental que se basa en la vida de unos exiliados sirios y otros tantos que no han podido salir del infierno que se dedican a denunciar a los terroristas, bárbaros, locos y fanáticos de ISIS. Esa parte está muy bien, pero muy bien, el problema es que nunca ponen en contexto la historia, dan unas pistas ridículas al principio pero nunca hablan de la responsabilidad de EEUU o de Rusia o la UE en la creación del ISIS, o del problemilla eterno de Bashar al-Asad y quien lo mantiene en el poder, o de la injerencia de los judíos en todo este problema o alguna explicación de porque las Naciones Unidas no entran a ayudar. Solo muestra a estos locos terroristas del ISIS, ignorando la raíz del problema y lavándose las manos de toda la responsabilidad del primer mundo. Ademas, se abusa de la cantidad de imágenes atroces de ejecuciones con armas de fuego y decapitaciones, escenas que no tiene sentido mostrar y que solo logran agudizar el odio hacia Medio Oriente y a la final no denuncia nada serio, no ayuda en nada.	1
Very Powerful story that will open your eyes to a reality you think you know but you really don't.	5
Extraordinary. You will not easily forget this film. Harrowing in places, heartbreaking in others, yet you may yet emerge with a sense of hope. For all those who think it's just another refugee-stroke-migrant tale of woe, think again! An astonishing testament to the courage of a small band who will not give in to extremism, even at great personal cost and loss. Cannot recommend it highly enough!	5
Another film with ghost in the name.....Ugh!!	1
Moving, sad, hopeful	5
This was my favorite movie at the Dallas International Film Festival. The bravery of these journalists who risked everything to show the world the truth about the situation in Raqqa is astonishing. I would recommend everyone learn about this movie and invest the time to see it -	5
A rare film that focus on male friendship and facing death. Ricardo Darin offers a performance that both films infinitely intimate while also powerfully archetypal.	5
***FRIENDSHIP [AMISTAD]... IF YOU'RE EVER IN A MESS, ESO ES***	4
Moving portral of a mans dieing days and the support he receives from his closest friend. Sensitive and staying just the right side of morbid it is an emotionally rewarding film to watch!	4
Julian, a divorced, middle-aged Argentinian actor living in Madrid gets a surprise four-day visit from his old pal Tomas, a Spaniard who moved away to Canada many years earlier. The reason for the visit is not a happy one - Julian is suffering from terminal lung cancer, and though he's still able to work and socialize and take his dog, "Truman", to the park with no visible symptoms besides an occasional foreboding cough, the disease is well on its way to winning and Julian has decided to stop treatments. Truman is a big ol' lumbering bullmastiff and Julian's faithful companion. Since learning that he's dying, Julian's most pressing concern is finding Truman a new home and minimizing his pal's emotional distress. Tomas tags along on visits to the vet to discuss the doggy grieving process and out to the country to meet potential new owners. When he mildly teases Julian about treating Truman like a person, he responds "I have two sons; one of them is Truman." The other son, a 21-year-old student living in Amsterdam, presents a different sort of problem. Though Julian previously told him about the cancer, he implied it was easily curable and can't bring himself to deliver the grim update. The other main character is Julian's cousin Paula, a fellow Madrid resident who's been with him throughout his ordeal and resents Tomas' easy acceptance of Julian's decision to quit chemo."Truman" is easily the best movie about dying I've ever seen. There's no weeping, no heartfelt speeches, no manipulative music. The acting is superb, with emotions conveyed through facial expressions and body language. The idea of poor Truman being uprooted from his home and his favorite human without the ability to understand why he's been abandoned is heartbreaking. And as a dog-lover, I could relate to the fact that Julian's concern for his beloved pet supersedes any sadness about his own life being cut short. I saw this movie at a small independent theater (several months ago actually - I've been a real laggard when it comes to posting reviews), but it almost didn't happen. As I was locking my bike outside the theater, I realized I'd forgotten my money. As it was the last showing of the last day it was playing, I pleaded with the woman selling the tickets to let me see the movie first and pay later. She reluctantly agreed, but made clear that the sum total of her faith in humanity was resting on my promptly calling back with my credit card number. Naturally I followed through, thus saving the world from the creation of one more cynic.	4
A movie with the single goal of manipulating the emotions of the audience. Very poor script but great acting.	2
5 Stars. A low-key masterpiece.	5
Groundedly funny and deeply-moving, Truman is the rare feel-good cancer movie that deals with death and friendship with such grace.	5
A long goodbye to a true friendship that is understated and real.	4
Lovely dialogue and beautiful performances in this drama, that tries to bring out your emotional side when you least expect it.	4
One of my favorite films of the past year!	5
it was a pretty good movie, solid acting.	5
I don't thinks it's good, it just has my last name.	5
Poignant and funny look at death, grief and friendship.	4
Muted, low key exploration of how men don't communicate well especially about death and women do it differently. Interesting often hard to watch but ultimately satisfying	4
Warning: subtitles. This was an unexpected pleasure. In the plot vs character debate, score this one heavily for character. It basically spans 4 days in the life of a handful of people. It deals with friendship, dying, family, and other important themes, and all with just enough humor to keep this upbeat. Most of all, it's about what's important in life. Downgraded some for European filmmaking but definitely one to see for a change.	4
Heartwarming! Loved it!	4
We saw this film, "Truman," at the Palm Springs Film Festival in January. Really a memorably beautiful Spanish film about lifelong friendship that has great acting, writing and directing. Gets 100% on Rotten Tomatoes & is well worth seeking out when it opens tomorrow at Laemmle theaters. Winner of 6 Gaudi Awards (the Spanish Oscar) out of 11 nominations including wins for Best Picture, Actor, Supporting Actor & Actress, Director and Screenplay. Better than most films out now.	5
Absolutely loved this movie! Ricardo Darin never disappoints.	5
Tomás (Javier Cámara) visita a su amigo Julián (Ricardo Darín) enfermo con un cáncer terminal y cuya principal preocupación es dejar su vida en orden y en especial, saber quien se va a encargar de Truman, su perro. Una película con muchos componentes emocionales a raíz de la situación de Julián	4
Loved this Spanish film that swept the Goya Awards this year. Ricardo Darin, possibly the most famous and accomplished Argentine actor (known internationally for The Secret in Her Eyes, Son of the Bride, Nine Queens and Wild Tales) delivers another knockout performance as a middle aged actor making a final reckoning in his life with his friend along the way. Avoids ample opportunities for soap opera, and delivers a subtle and nuanced story that depends more on gestures and expressions than spoken words.	5
A beautifully humorous and sensitive drama comedy about death and dying and friendship. The Truman of the title is a dog and Julián, who is the one dying of cancer, is really only concerned about making sure his animal companion is well cared for after Julián dies. His friend, Tomás is confronted by his friend's approach to his clearly impending death. The two lead men, two of Spains top actors, are brilliant and their performances make this most definitely worth seeing. The director has walked a careful line between sensationalism and excessive melancholy. One might think that the themes of death and dying will be depressing. But I found calming and reassuring. It avoids any superficial "Hollywood" ending and comes across as intimate and carefully observed. Don't miss it.	4
True man, true friend, love between friends - this film is about the best in people, and two men in particular. Truman is a great big dog, whose owner Julian is setting his affairs in order. Julian and his old friend Tomas who pays a last visit are straight hetero men, they love one another, show it and say so. The words "I love you" are freely spoken and accepted. But there are few histrionics in this story of a lonely man's final days. It weaves finely the emotions with the practicalities, realities with humour, Julian's marvellous luck in having a few loving people and a great friend, and Julian's bravery and fear. The topic of death is usually a wrench, but this instead is like a song full of loveliness; plus you learn some that's destined to come in useful, sooner or later. The pain is salved too by the soulful dog, first-class production and locations in Canada, Madrid and Amsterdam, a stylish sound track, and nice dark credits for drying any tears. It shows women in a somewhat less favourable light: must they be diminished, in brotherly love? Still, the film's questions are engaging: can we be more like these men without the end looming, and where will the soul like the dog find its home. A classic piece perfectly made, acted superbly, with a memorable screenplay, this will repay repeat viewings: there are a few drugs and a vigorous sex scene, otherwise you could have watched it with your smarter young teens, as well as the grown-ups. A polished gem about the inevitable: catch it while you can.	4
A touching story of friendship, heartwarming, sad, funny and beautifully filmed.	4
Both sad and funny as hell, an unmissable movie.	5
Um ótimo filme para aqueles dias em que você não se importa de sair tristíssima do cinema, em um dia nublado. Com dois de meus atores favoritos. E Truman, claro.	4
La pelicula plantea la idea de como prepararse para morir, con un toque de comedia cuando se debe. Buena produccion, ademas de sobresalientes actuaciones	4
I don't understand how a movie like COLONIA can get a lower mark than this basic movie.	2
un verdadero Drama,una pelicula atrapante,entretenida 7/10	3
outra ótima bola dentro do Darín <3	4
Algo desaprovechada por pereza de guión y poco brío directivo pero bien actuada y puntualmente interesante. En el promedio español.	2
Spending one final quality time with an old friend.It is not that hard to describe, I mean the entire story in a couple of lines, but scene by scene it embarks on the different level. A very ordinary tale that takes place in less than one week time, at a same time it catches your attention in a gentle manner. A perfect movie with the balanced contents. I admit, this is not what I expected, but still delivered the same quality differently. It takes us to the various locations to capitalise the concept and gives an idea how the real people in the real world express during their distressed time. I think I kind of liked its rich screenplay and the overall production quality.The movie was very slow, definitely need patience to watch it. It opened in a snowy Canadian residential area and soon begins to follow a middle ages man called Tomas saying goodbye to his family to board a plane for Madrid to meet his old pal, Julian. This unexpected visit gives an opportunity for Julian, a single father to open his heart to talk about the future plan, especially for his loving dog, Truman. The rest of the movie follows their lead by revealing some of the unknown to about each other.Yes, the title name was a dog character. It took some times to figure it out why and how important was this name for the movie. Almost the entire watch, only in the end scene, it all made sense. Besides, that is the part I fell for it, I think it was the best way to conclude. I love this kind of theme, this is where my softer side unfolds and feel the depth of the character or the tale that intended to strike emotionally. But the thing is, it was not a tearjerker drama as I wanted or it should have been."People don't know what to say to me.They smell death and they get scared."Another unique narration that dealt with having friendship in the front row for its simple ride. It might be a plot that evolved around two friends' four days wandering everywhere, but covered family issues as well, especially the father-son relationship for a brief time, but strongly. It took all the time in the beginning, but the second half was very interesting after it makes you comfort with the characters and enough story development to move on from there.It was a less fun, but a more meaningful movie than I thought. All the comedies were dark, it is unfortunate not to have even a small smile. The main source for it was the argument caused by the differences between the friends over what they decided to do, but in the end held back to normalcy as the character were matured and had a good understanding.So the comedy is only the tag that attached to the movie, but it was a very absorbing topic on its progress till the final minute. Yet, I'm very upset with a sex scene that definitely out of the synchronisation with the rest of the story. When everything was going so smooth it appeared from nowhere like a twist in the tale, I felt that was totally inappropriate. And also that 100 seconds changed the fate of the movie from a PG-13 to R product, though there was no strong nudity.It was effortless, but exceptional performances, especially by the leading two including the Argentinian superstar Ricardo Darin. And I don't forget the dog in the title role, but sadly his screenspace was very short. Obviously this movie is not designed to impact on all the viewers, so it is going to fail to satisfy a few, especially for its slow presentation without a cheerable background score. That means I suggest you to choose it carefully, by learning what the movie offers against what you actually want from it. But overall, it is surely worth to give a try.7/10	3
El director español Cesc Gay nos presenta "Truman", la historia de dos amigos (los grandes Javier Cámara y Ricardo Darín) quienes se encuentran después de un largo período de separación, cuando uno de ellos se entera que el otro padece un cáncer terminal. Antes de que piense que "Truman" es un drama depresivo sobre la muerte y lleno de clichés, debe saber que esta es una cinta llena de humor, que trata sobre temas profundos sin llegar a predicar o abrumar y que, gracias a la química de sus actores y a una muy buena dirección, logra cautivar el corazón del espectador.	4
Sobre el tema de una muerte digna no aporta mayor cosa y de hecho lo toma como muy comedia superficial, pero gracias al par de grandes actores con que cuenta no naufraga. Cámara y Darin hacen una excelente pareja y en esta sencilla historia, que lo que tiene para aportar a esta temática de la muerte digna es poco de no ser por la historia del perro (Truman), De no ser por el giro que da el perro a este cuento ni siquiera el par de estrellas salvan el guión. Entretenida como para ver en casa en tarde de pereza.	3
Movie with no conflict, no drama. Just worth to see the main actors.	1
Yet another aimless movie about an angry teenager coming to age. Oh, it's about her relationship with her mother? You wouldn't know that the way this movie travels. Don't waste your money on it. Seems those that are applauding it are eating their own dog food.	1
Saw a pre-screening in New York City tonight, and it's a wonderful film: character-driven, great writing, solid acting and emotionally true and complex.	5
Yet another movie that you will never desire to watch a second time. Zzzzzzzz.	2
Hilarious and honest portrayal of a difficult relationship with a parent. Saoise Ronan is incredible as always in this Oscar worthy performance.	5
The surprise film in this year's LFF is Greta Gerwig's directorial debut that she also wrote. If you know Gerwig's work as an actress, there is no surprise here as this has the same quirky and witty sentiments of her other films - and thankfully, this is not Damsel in Distress 2. As Christine McPherson, or Lady Bird as she prefers to be called, plans to break free from her family and her life in Sacramento, California, we experience the last year of her high school in this funny, charming and sweet film. It is also nothing I have not seen before nor is the treatment any different from any other coming-of-age heading-off-to-college drama of this genre. Gerwig proves she is able to write naturalistic, though sometimes overarticulated, dialogue and the film is nicely put together. However, it is the amazing cast she assembled that really sold me the film, with a confident central performance from Saoirse Ronan as Lady Bird and the ever watchable Laurie Metcalf stealing every scene she's in as her mum.	3
honest and incredibly relatable. one of 2017's best.	5
An original and witty coming of age dramedy. Saroise Ronan gives her best in this black comedy. She is very complicated and is actually like a real person, unlike her performance in Brooklyn. She and Lucas Hedges are a oscar power couple. Greta Gertwigs first movie is a success. A-	4
Will I return to this film? Maybe, but honestly, its not really made for me, its made for all the young women who are maybe a little confused about what they should do with their lives (and what their capabilities are) but are willing to give it a shot even if it doesn't always tickle.	4
Some kind of wonderful inspired. A bit overrated but the girl is good as alway. I see an oscar nomination for Dr. Sheldon Coopers mom.	3
A coming of age story that comes to you with the right amount of quirky nostalgia and satisfying heartbreak.	5
Take this gentle, beautiful journey. You will be very rewarded.	4
I just LOVED this movie! It's so hard to describe why. I just know how great it felt to watch it. When I heard what it was about, I wasn't so sure I still wanted to see it. But when I read that all the movie critics loved it, I thought there HAD to be something really worthwhile in it. So I went, and I'm so glad I did. I encourage everyone to go see it. Also, I read one review by a lay person criticizing the attitude of JR in the movie. I must say that I totally disagree. I found him to be very likable. The movie is a gem. I would give it six stars if I could !!	5
And this is why I love film. Phenomenal	5
One of my favorite films from the NY Film Festival. I was charmed and entranced from the humorous opening to the melancholy ending.	4
No plot...didn't develop into a story line. Strange relationship intro at the end.	1
This movie is so into itself it made me sick. After about 30 minutes I had seen enough. It's a contrived relationship between one lovely person and one pretentious human. It's beautiful to look at and the imagination and ideas are lovely, but the movie needed to be more about the faces and places and less about the two people doing the documentary. Agnès Varda is a treasure, but the creep who is working with her is a self-indulgent twit who made me cringe just about every time he spoke. Final Score 5.3/10	2
@NYFF55 Alice Tully Hall	3
A very sweet documentary about two artists cruising france, meeting people and making giant stickers.	4
I love it! Cats have a spiritual gentleness about them...it's empowering.	5
wonderful; magical; gorgeous photography that captures the soul of a city, its people and its cats.	5
A beautiful and truthful documentary!	5
It's beautiful to relate to the saying: "If you never loved an animal before, you can never love a person" Beautifully filmed Kedi is only for cat obsessive people and its wonderful to see how every cat has its own personality. Also impressed with Istanbul's streets, definitely a must visit after watching this	5
Slow pase adorable documentary. They did not talk about the famous picture of a cat sitting as a human.	5
Me mow meee mow mow mee mow mew mew.	5
Amazing documental! Disfrute cada uno de los casi 80 minutos. Excelente calidad audiovisual. Y totalmente recomendada.	5
This documentary reminded me of the same cats we encountered in Istanbul from our trip. We just arrived home yesterday. We had direct experience with those Istanbul cats. They love people. As I was walking to a masjid to do salat, one cat approached me talking up a storm until I gave it some love and stroked him/her. We went on the trip because my son's Quran madrasah was going on the trip to visit other madrasahs in the same network of schools. On the first day we arrived, a cat approached me and meowed. I started to stroke him/her and this cat climbed all over me giving me love. This happened so many times. There was even a cat that wanted to share a chair with me at a restaurant! I plan to upload some photos of some of the cats we encountered while over there in the future.	5
Nice documentary from Ceyda Torun. It's very good!	5
I loved it. It shows humanity, now I want to go to Istambul.	5
Video sites are the brave new world of movie and series and other similar content producing, snatching awards and offering the freshness and quality the mainstream American cinema can only dream about.Following Amazon, Netflix, and others, YouTube has hopped on that train too, with similarly impressive results."Kedi" is not actually produced with YouTube's money, but they bought all the streaming rights for YouTube Red. And now it's in our cinemas too.Kedi" (cat" in Turkish) is a 79-minute documentary about street cats of Istanbul. There's a lot of them around, and many people love and take care of them. What results is a heartful glimpse into the world that you may have missed even if you've been to Istanbul.If you don't care about cats, or have watched too many animal videos online already, "Kedi" is probably not worth your time. But for ardent cat fans such as I, watching it is a pretty good way to celebrate the existence of those magical animals all over again."Kedi" is well made and put together, if not exactly spectacular in any way. If you like cats, try it out.	3
Synes synd på kattene, godt det er mange i den byen som tar vare på de. Men det er nok alt for mange av de så mange lider nok.	3
Saw the film on Netflix and was absolutely mesmerized by it. It was very insightful in regards to how cats are seen in Istanbul and gave interesting perspectives. If you like documentaries and love cats, you'll love this.	5
Me and my cat like to watch movies together but we don't often agree on what to watch. This movie was something we could not only agree on but one that we both loved.	5
The only reason why I'm giving it this rating is because I used to have cats, and are partial to them. Otherwise, the movie is okay, but really nothing amazing, and even kind of dull sometimes.	3
Con muy buenas y hermosas tomas de la ciudad, estas historias de gatos en Estambul son entretenidas pero solo para amantes de los gatos. El documental en general se torna aburrido y la vida de estos gatos y su influencia en los habitantes de Estambul no resulta muy interesante.	3
Beautifully filmed, this is as much about the changing face and "modernisation" of Istanbul as it is about the character and sensibilities of the ordinary people (fishermen, restaurantuers, market stall holders, shop owners) of Istanbul. Their relationship with the cats says an awful lot about our humanity to each other as well as the cats. See it. You will not be sorry...unless you hate subtitles or don't speak Turkish.	5
this is just a lovely movie. Even if you are not mad on cats ..one woman kept insisting she just wanted to see Istanbul...but there were a lot of ahs and oohs from her	5
So interesting loved it.	5
Magical - through the lives of cats, it captures the soul of a city - and of human beings everywhere despite our troubled times..	5
A fantastic documentary showing the life of street cats in Istanbul. Beautifully shot and with cats full of character, this is the best cat film so far and one all cat owners or cat fans should watch. Fantastic.	5
Please bring this movie to Orange County!	5
I was extremely repetitive. For awhile it's interesting and cute, but after an hour they keep saying the same things over and over again. 'That cat has a mind of his own!" "That cat does as she pleases." My daughter LOVES cats, but after an hour, we had had enough and left.	1
Loved this look at the streets of Istanbul and its feline population. The people who love and care for these creatures are as kind and sweet as the folks I remember meeting when there. It was a kind of travelogue as I equally enjoyed the views of a city I love. Beautifully filmed	4
I'm not really a cat person, but watching KEDi made me want to have a cat and play with them all day every day.	4
4/19/17 River Oaks Theatre If you love cats, see this movie. If you don't love cats, see this movie and you will. The filmmakers caught the essence of the interaction between cats and people, a delightful film.	5
What's not to like about a movie about cats, if you're a cat-lover? It was the perfect movie to watch at an old-fashioned Landmark theater in Denver on an Easter Sunday afternoon. It was even easier than falling in love with the featured cats to fall in love with the citizens of Istanbul who took care of without owning them.	5
Beautiful movie. Just when I was feeling bad about people. These cats and their people lifted my spirits.	5
The Tao of Cat is my name for this movie. it's a lovely film about how cats impact the lives in Istanbul. My mom, not a fan of cats, loved it.	4
Kedi shows how the cats of Istanbul bring out the humanity in people. Funny but a tad boring at times, Kedi was charming for this and all cat lover. (4-13-17)	4
I have never been a big cat person but you don't have to be in order to understand and appreciate a cat's unique character. It made me proud a Turkish documentary has told that story and shown the rebellious lives of stray cats in Istanbul so successfully. I also realize that I was in a bit denial about how I don't feel homesick:(	5
Excellent movie! Highly recommended.	4
The story of cats is the story of us	5
I've never felt so close to a street cat. Excellent production and heartfelt testimonials. Next vacation for me? Istanbul.	5
kind of boring, but very informative	4
Excellent, thought provoking! Stunning photography!	5
Even if you don't have a cat, Kedi is a beautifully filmed journey through Istanbul's street feline population, with plenty of cats and culture all throughout the film, it's hard not to be fascinated and I can guarantee you'll be saying "Awwwww" at many parts of the film!	4
This is a love story to cats and to Istanbul. But, alas, I love cats and was fascinated to see the well-shot pix of a city that intrigues me, the film doesn't work for me. At 75 minutes, it's about a half hour too long, because there just is not the material to support it.	2
Beautiful city & cats! Must see. I had a smile all day. Going to buy the DVD!	5
Good but a bit long.	3
Loved it! Kedi is for cat lovers and anyone who enjoys sharing love and compassion.	4
A simple but wonderful experience.	4
Sweet film! I loved seeing the interactions between the people and the street cats, and the sights and sounds of Istanbul.	4
Light portrait of a city.	2
I loved this movie. A meditation on life, love, and spirituality.	5
As a Cat lover (we have three) I loved Kedi. I only wish the people of Istanbul would spay and neuter their street friends...	4
succ my wiggly dick lololololololol	5
Very low keyed film, but I love cats and it is a good insight into the life of some urban cats. I think the cinematography is incredibly good! Try to follow a cat with a camera!	4
Saw it last night and loved it! The cinematography is terrific (stunning aerial views of Istanbul and cat's eye views of its streets and markets) and the cats have such different and charming personalities.	5
Beautiful shots of Istanbul! How did they even get some of this footage?! A lot more depth than I thought there would be.	4
Incredible. Existential film about life and humanity. It's sooooo good!	5
I was touched by the woman who mentioned her cat that had breast cancer and she put clothes on the cat to keep her from licking her sores. I live on the other side of the world in a completely different culture but I did exactly the same thing for my cat Sasha before she died of breast cancer. Baby Gap pajama tops did the trick for her..In a nutshell, it shows that we are more alike than many want to believe.	4
I liked Kedi, mainly for what it says about humans who love animals. That said, I wish it had focused more on fewer stories. BUT KITTIES.	3
Charming, heartwarming documentary about street cats and the people whose lives are touched and sometimes changed by them. Remarkable how healthy the cats look and how spotlessly clean Istanbul looks. On both counts I came away with greater respect for the Turkish people.	4
I went to see this with my elementary school child and her friend. Even with the subtitles, they loved watching the movie, when we left they were still talking about it in the car.	5
Not a cat person but thoroughly enjoyed the film. The interaction between humans and felines was quite incredible and in some cases moving.	5
So gorgeous and deep. Kitty screenings should be organized ASAP.	5
Absolutely stunning cinematography. How they shot the footage of many of these cats is beyond me. A really great insight into humanity and the role that many perceive cats play in it.	5
Absolutely stunning cinematography. How they shot the footage of many of these cats is beyond me. A really great insight into humanity and the role that many perceive cats play in it.	5
I loved it so much. It's like the Star Wars of Turkish Cats. I'm going again in a few weeks!	5
If you like cat videos, you'll like Kedi. I like cat videos, so I liked Kedi. It's as simple as that, really.P.S. the secret to Kedi is realizing that the people taking care of the cats of Istanbul are as interesting as the cats themselves.	3
A documentary about street cats is something that I wasn't really expecting to come along, but its arrival didn't quite surprise me. Documentaries are probably the most eclectic of genres since they aren't really within much of a true genre themselves, but that doesn't stop Kedi from being more or less a comedy. Staged with an ethnographic approach but capturing the innate humor of the material, Kedi has some good, interesting content that explores the effect and emotional connection of these animals to the citizens of Istanbul, and when it works, it works. However, the movie loses its purpose in the latter half when its substance gets drowned out by stretches of simple "awww, they're so cute" footage, and given the oligopoly that cats have had over the Internet over the past decade or so with their silly exploits, Kedi is inconsistent in what it has to say and show. The synopsis touched upon in the last paragraph is pretty sufficient for the movie as a whole. It's about stray cats in Istanbul and how those in the city collectively take care of them, and how they cats influence the humans' lives. Some see them as affirmation of faith while some get services as one cat hunts down mice that appear near a restaurant. With 80 minutes of such simplicity, there isn't a ton to say. The movie presents a look at something that most wouldn't have even considered and does so in a lighthearted, often times funny way. The camerawork often times follows the cats at their heights and tracks them amongst the city or edits together footage well in ways that highlight the humor. The first half does a good job at showing how Istanbul's culture is contingent upon these cats in several ways, but the second half becomes more of a montage of cats being cute, and isn't that what the Internet is for? No, but actually, despite good production values, the film does become a bit repetitive for a feature film. Despite its being just 80 minutes, about ten minutes could have been shaved off, and this could have made for a very good short film of about half an hour had they condensed the material and cut the fat. I'm sure that tons of footage was shot for this, but the final product is still a "kill your darlings" situation. Kedi is a movie about cats that's about Istanbul and its people, and the mileage that the film gets out of you will depend on your interests for those things. It worked for me for a while, but as a feature film, it doesn't have enough substance to stretch along its runtime, even considering the times that the movie made me laugh with its inherent cuteness and light touch. 6.5/10, okay, C+, average, etc.	3
'Kedi' is a gorgeous look into the life of cats in Istanbul, Turkey. It is 79 minutes long and should have been about 45. I love animals and especially cats, but I was bored about 20 minutes in. The movie chronicles the life of the numerous cats who have roamed the metropolis of Istanbul freely for thousands of years, and the relationships they have with the people who help to take care of them. By the end I was way more interested in the city and the people than the cats. It's far from puuuuurfect. Final Score: 5.5/10	3
Shows one of the world's greatest cities - and the Turkish people - in a brilliant light. Wonderful camera work, too.	5
Delightful film, and touching to see how people dedicate themselves to caring for the street cats. A loving and touching view of Instanbul and its uncrowned feline rulers.	3
Original and enjoyable. Views of Istanbul were beautiful and it is never seen a movie from a cats perspective. Really enjoyed the cat culture through Turkey when we traveled there. Nice to see a positive movie about cats - often reviled for no good reason in western culture.	4
Kedi is a visual feast of cuteness that'll get you purring.	4
i did not even comprehend the language of which this film that was spoken in	2
While it might be easy to mistake this documentary for an extended cat video, "Kedi" delivers so much more -- excellent cinematography, gentle humor, and insightful observations about how we might better get along with others and ourselves. Having seen this in a jam-packed, 750-seat theater for a matinee showing, this release proves there are audiences for content that don't involve explosions or inane laughs. Feline lovers will no doubt adore this one the most, but those who appreciate good cinema, regardless of content, will likely find much to enjoy here, too.	4
Stunning cinematography of istanbul, it's people, its cats. The quotes are meaningful and sublime - the value of life, and respect for life , messages far beyond this breathtakingly beautiful piece of art.	5
This movie was wonderful. Whether you're a cat lover or not, it's hilarious, poignant, and amazingly well-shot. A love letter to the cats of Istanbul, and their guardian angels who keep them fed and sheltered. Go see it!	5
Kittehs! In Istanbul! Cute but could have been a short.	4
I love this film!!! Fantastic to see it sold out at the Metrograph last night!	5
This movie is an explosive view of an explosive situation. A situation that needs addressing today by every white citizen that cares. "You are commanded to love your neighbor as yourself. This is your neighbor. And yes, "white silence is violence."	5
Sadly, I saw this in an empty theater. Those who should see it probably will not. It is a beautifully edited and warmly human account of people who had had enough of injustice and stood up to it in a struggle that continues. It could change minds if only they were open.	4
Lots of misleading information that only helps to promote an unfounded hysteria in this country.	1
A film told from the point of view of marginalized people. A documentary that allows the audience to form their own opinion based on real events. This film takes its viewers into the deep, dark; places people fear to go. It allows the viewers to form their own opinion on this tragic and important topic. Love it. Hate it. But see it and listen and experience it first.	5
Those 95% that don't want to see this. don't want the world to know the truth. this is not white washed. it's told by those that was there. not some one that came in and stole the story and told it how "they"" want it to be told. must see!!	5
Powerful documentary, about the police killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson. A must see for resistance organizers.	5
First person video and commentary from Ferguson residents. Will increase your understanding and hopefully change any misconceptions you had about the struggle.	4
While admittedly one sided, Whose Streets does a phenomenal job of outlining the passionate struggle of an often overlooked group of individuals and a sometimes demonized community based movement. Some viewers will find the lack of balance and the single minded dehumanizing of the other side too much to take, yet nobody could deny this documentary as a powerful character study.	4
I'd give this 4.5 stars but want to balance out the half stars from homophobes who didn't see it. This is a film more about intimacy than sexuality, to the benefit of every viewer. Beautifully shot and acted, the few tropes and turns the writer borrowed from Brokeback are forgiven for the fact that, more than a decade later, it's a story that needs to be retold.	5
Powerful movie. I needed a 2 hour walk after to process it	5
Brokeback Mountain without horses.	1
A much grittier, of-the-land Brokeback Mountain but parts of it were far too similar. However, there is a scene where one of the characters prepares a young abandoned lamb so it will be accepted by another sheep who had just had a stillborn that took my breath away.	3
Erroneously labeled by some as a UK version of 'Brokeback Mountain', writer/director Francis Lee's 'God's Own Country' may cover similar ground in its depiction of a young farmer's relationship with a Romanian farm hand, but its present-day setting enables the story to focus less on the controversial nature of the pairing and more on its profound impact on Johnny (Josh O'Connor), a distant loner overwhelmed by the level of intimacy his partner brings to their relationship. His is more of an emotional awakening than a sexual one, and both O'Connor and Alec Secareanu (as the sympathetic Gheorghe) expertly navigate the evolution of their unlikely bond, resulting in one of the most heart-rending and resonant films of the year.	4
I'm still thinking about this film days afterwards. Stark, moving, powerful, touching. The performances from all four leads are impeccable. A truly wonderful film.	5
this film stayed with me for days afterwards, a love story for boys who like boys	5
Far too derivative to warrant more than 3 stars, or the acclaim it's garnered (one can only assume the reviewers haven't seen many - if any - recent LGBT movies).	3
God's Own Country takes the viewer on a powerful and moving story of how loneliness and isolation damages a young man and how this can be overcome by tenderness and companionship. The dour, bleak setting of an isolated and run down hill farm in the Yorkshire Moors sets the mood and almost becomes a character itself as young farmer Johnny (Josh O'Connor) struggles to keep the family concern going. The relationship between Johnny, his disabled father and elderly grandmother are strained to say the least and the young man feels stifled and trapped by the situation he finds himself in. With lambing coming up, the family is forced to hire a young Romanian migrant worker, Gheorghe (Alec Secareanu) to help out. As the pair work together, their relationship changes from one of mistrust and resentment to one of passion, understanding and love. A moving and thought-provoking film from writer/director Francis Lee, there are obvious parallels with Brokeback Mountain. However, unlike the American tale which, great though it is, ends in a downbeat manner and is set in an era and society where love between two men would not be accepted, here we have a more hopeful and enlightened take on the situation. Indeed, one of my favourite scenes is when after Johnny's feisty, old grandmother (portrayed by the excellent Gemma Jones) has discovered what has been going on, urges her grandson to go and get his lover after they become estranged. The movie doesn't pull any punches, being in places sexually graphic and violent. It also doesn't shy away from showing the inner turmoil and emotional conflict the young farmer goes through as he tries to weather the rollercoaster situation he finds himself in and make sense of his own hopes and desires. This is the second British movie in a 12 months to have dealt with the struggles of agricultural life. Last years The Levelling, whilst a completely different tale set in another part of the country entirely, shares with God's Own Country the themes of family, love, loss and hope. The talented directors of both succeed in their own ways, delivering moving and interesting dramas that show that in Britain at least, the film industry is on something of an upward trajectory.	5
This film is haunting with the young lead shaped by relationships as bleak as the landscape he lives in. There is a gradual and low key reveal on the background which takes some time to factor in. I wanted the characters to have hope but had my doubts about the ending.	4
A brilliant and moving gay love story which is both bleak and beautiful. Terrific photography and heart-rendingly good performances. Best film in a long time	5
I am biased in giving this movie 4 1/2 purely because of the emotional connection I felt. However, stylistically this movie is harsh and cold like its main character but slowly warms as Gheorghe chips away at John. A brutal viewing experience at points visually (skinning the lamb) and emotionally. A true reflection of human condition its flaws, tribulations, triumphs and all. I love this movie for its accurate representations as much as it's construction. *Seen at Cinema Nova, Carlton, 13/09/2017*	4
While comparisons with Brokeback Mountain is inevitable, the other film that comes to mind is Andrew Haigh's similarly atmospheric gay romance Weekend (2011). Unhappy and emotionally repressed, young farmer John has to take care of the family farm single-handedly after his father suffered a stroke, that is until more experienced Gheorghe arrives from Romania to help with odd jobs, in this dreamy indie drama. Set in the Yorkshire countryside, the camera makes the best of what the landscape has to offer, though some of the wildlife closeups feels a little redundant when we get real birthing of baby lambs which are far more evocative and interesting to watch. Josh O'Connor and Alec Secareanu, who plays John and Gheorghe, are charmingly watchable and give heartfelt performances in the often wordless scenes; while Ian Hart and Gemma Jones, as father and grandmother, does superb and nuanced supporting and takes the film on to a higher level. Writer-director Francis Lee's script will be particularly enchanting to its niche audience, and maybe other romantics too, but the narrative structure is incredibly conventional and anyone who has seen films of this genre can guess what is coming next. The only variable being how it comes about - and while I applaud the writer for avoiding the usual gay revelation/family ostracization cliché for something more subtle that turns out to be emotionally more rewarding, the catalyst for the inevitable dramatic turn in the third act feels too simplistic and hollow to me and I cant help but think he's missed a trick in not making Gheorghe's Romanian background more significant at this stage and go beyond the sexuality angle.	3
Re-imagine this film starring a man and a woman and it would never have been made because it is a nothing story. It relies solely on scenes of gay sex, because it lacks story, character development, beautiful scenery, or anything else that would make it watchable. This film is to Brokeback Mountain what my garden shed is to Buckingham Palace - a poor and shabby comparison.	1
Bleak cinematography of the Yorkshire landscape forms the backdrop to a film about love between a young farmer and a Romanian farmhand migrant worker drafted in to aid the family when the lead/father of the family has a stroke.The film has some gritty scenes that debut director Francis Lee (Not the ex Manchester City footballer) brings to the screen. The film reminded me of how Emmerdale used to be Emmerdale Farm with real scenes of lambing and other farming practices.The cinematography captures the great countryside and it's isolation from the big metropolis's.	3
GOD'S OWN COUNTRY won't be for everyone. There is some Brokeback styled romance and the lambing scenes are quite confronting. Persevere through the slow start and you may fall in love with this movie as I did. The performance, the direction, the cinematography and the gritty realism of this tale deserve applause.Full review is now up on Salty Popcorn.	4
It felt like it was going to be a take on "Brokeback Mountain" but with sheep. The nice difference was, neither of the two main characters were pretending to be straight or have wives or girlfriends. The movie is raw, emotional, and realistic, sometimes too much so (I don't need to see the process of where sheep skin comes from - but even that scene had purpose). I almost gave up on one of the characters but am so glad he came around. One thing for sure: you aren't 100% you'll get a happy ending and they'll live happily ever after. For that, you will have to see for yourself!	5
Much like the directors previous movie Tangerine The Florida Project offers a glistening world filled with beauty through the camera, but a somber and sad, but often heartwarming world through the characters. The nuggets of childhood wonder seen in the trailer are often followed by moments of shitty parenting and shitty actions, but it doesn't ever push the idea that it's the adults fault. It instead offers the idea that we trap ourselves in a cycle where parents long for a world of childhood wonder that is no longer there. The parents view of childhood wonder is much different than that of the kids however, they view childhood as a time of freedom where you can do whatever you want, but the wonder we see in kids eyes isn't from indulgence, it's from friendship. For a movie that offers amazing and funny moments from a child's perspective it also remains down to earth, and makes us look at the reality of how we treat kids. In a time of massive blockbusters and superhero films in The Florida Project you get an extremely realist feeling of joy, sadness, and childhood wonder.	5
Dreamy, real and disturbing. The fil brilliantly captures the freedom and pending threats of youth. As the NYT review stated: Casts a spell and tells the truth".	5
fabulous do not miss this movie amazing acting sobering story	5
It was a good movie detailing the hopeless life of poverty with no way out. It did meander on too long with the same repetitive tone. Maybe that was the point, the characters were on that cycle too. Nothing will change for them for the better.	3
Too much laid bare and therefore a difficult film to bear. This is how a part of our population lives. It a dilemna--better off with their own, loving but helpless parents, or with strangers, foster parents who may or may not be loving. The children in the film, all seem to be having a wonderful time of freedom, laughter and mutual love. Department of Social Services is concerned about the conditions in which the children live and the failures of the parents. You want to see this film...	5
The reviews that had been culminating over the past month for The Florida Project commanded my attention. That and the colorful, youthful, friendly poster. The Florida Project is about childhood, and childhood is not always clear skies and rainbows like it's poster suggests. Moonee (played by Brooklynn Prince) is a 6-year-old girl living in a run down motel with her very young mother Halley (played by Bria Vinaite). Moonee and her friends run loose and stir up trouble left and right, only to be thwarted by the hotel manager Bobby (played by Willem Dafoe). Bobby casts a paternal shadow over the hotel, particularly on Halley and and Moonee. Dafoe is one of the few recognizable actors in this film, and he's true to the character and his desire to give the love he has to his guests. Director Sean Baker found Bria Vinaite on Instagram, and her performance is seemingly flawless. After further research, she's a natural fit for this character based on the lifestyle she displays on her Instagram pictures. This choice in casting is one of the key elements that will make the film a huge success come awards season, largely because Vinaite draws such a thin line between a character and a real person. This is an Oscar-worthy performance and easily one of the best so far this year... but the lifeline of this film is Brooklynn Prince as Moonee. Nothing will prepare you for the finale, where all emotions converge into one single take that is so hard-hitting, it'll turn you inside out. Prince is ignorant of the camera and crew; only her, the actors, and the motel are real. This is the most impressive performance ever given by a child captured on film, and it will turn you inside out. She's a natural born talent, and if she continues her career in the same caliber as this, she'll be a star. This is the first Sean Baker film I've seen, and I can't wait to dig into the rest of his filmography. Between his directing, his writing, his editing, and his ability to bring together such a perfect balance of actors into one package is an example of true artistry. The ending left me baffled, but in time I gave it thought and eventually found it to be revelatory. It brought me back to when I was a boy, when everything seemed so simple, not having a care in the world. I can't think of any other film that did that as well as this one did. The Florida Project is one of the best movies of the year, and if it reflects a taste of this coming awards season the year will close out in a spectacular fashion.	5
This film about a colony of people clinging to the margins of Disney World by living in motels and scraping a living has a subtle and sinuous way of getting to you. I think it is mostly through the small kids who are living in this boring world of sparse motel amenities, abandoned developments, and novelty architecture ice cream stands that the film makes its somewhat startling impact. The mother here is poor and at times desperate but she is also fun-loving, creative, and caring towards her daughter. Her daughter is bored and takes after some of her mother's foul-mouthed and surly antics but her breakdown and escape in the final scene display a deeper layer of emotion, thought, and meaning which brackets the film and its world, recasting everything that's gone before. This is a startling, shocking, and troubling comment on the American Dream.	4
Truly awful, aimless, boring film that couldn't end soon enough for me, my companion, the guy sitting next to us, who remarked halfway through, "this movie sucks," and the woman we met on the way out, who expressed the same befuddlement we felt that so many people on RT seemed to like it. If you want to save the $10 for the movie ticket, find a YouTube video of children sharing an ice cream cone they begged to get the money for. You will get the idea behind this movie - that some children (and their parents) live poor, sad, deprived, desperate lives, with no education and no future - while others can afford Dismey World.	1
Excellent. I loved every minute. I would have watched 3 more hours of this movie.	5
The critic's consensus is inaccurate in that it overstates what the film depicts. It is not about "childhood wonder," nor about making a general statement. It does show young children left to their own devices by neglectful adults to the extent of becoming almost feral in their behavior and attitudes. The film might have been constructed better to juxtapose the haves and have nots, if that was the director's goal. What we see is a very negative view of a particular mother who is unfit to bring up her child, who is left to lead two other children into trouble. The audience is subjected to a barrage of vulgar language and unframed plot which makes the film drag painfully to the point that the social commentary, if the goal, suffered.	1
My favourite film at last month's Atlantic Film Festival returns to Halifax this week, and a second viewing last night only reaffirmed my profound love for Sean Baker's engrossing drama. Set in a fleabag Orlando motel called the Magic Castle, the latest movie by this blazingly talented filmmaker (who shot his previous film - i.e. the 2015 sleeper hit 'Tangerine' - on three iPhone 5s smartphones) offers a sobering look at life just below the poverty line. Meticulously cared for by kindly motel manager/unofficial father figure Bobby (a never-better Willem Dafoe), the Magic Castle is the closest thing to a home many of its long-time occupants will likely know. Here, Disney World (located just down the road from the motel) clearly acts as a stand-in for that most cherished of Western ideals, the 'American Dream': the ongoing myth that any US citizen can achieve success and prosperity through hard work and sheer determination alone. For the poverty-stricken residents that eke out of a living in its shadow, the iconic theme park may as well be located across the ocean, its pricey attractions simply too great an expense to justify when food and shelter are already hard to come by. That being said, the adults of THE FLORIDA PROJECT don't waste time bemoaning the societal inequities that plague them; they're too busy working dead-end jobs or hustling tourists for next week's rent. Similarly, the kids here feel refreshingly real: bratty and potty-mouthed, yet fundementally good and blissfully unaware of the dangers that occasionally lurk in the shadows. Largely seen through the eyes of 6-year-old Moonie (played with unbridled confidence by Brooklynn Prince in an Oscar-worthy debut), the day-to-day happenings at the Magic Castle spotlight a tight-knit community that measures success in small victories: a temporary windfall of cash leads to a shopping spree at a nearby dollar store, and the giddy joy shared by Moonie and her single mom Halley as they cruise the aisles for cheap trinkets is as infectious as it is ultimately sad. Curiously, the film's final exhilirating moments were met with audible confusion and even derision by several of my fellow moviegoers last night; inexplicably, the film's underlying themes seemed completely lost on them. A great shame, but hopefully just an anomaly. You'd have to be a moron not to pick up on the stinging indictment of modern America that lies just below the surface, yet Baker avoids bashing you over the head with his messaging by focusing the story's attention squarely on its characters, capturing them with the same level of empathy he bestowed on the transgender sex workers of 'Tangerine'. An early frontrunner as my favourite movie of the year, 'The Florida Project' is a stunningly humane treatment of poverty in America that finds both hope and humour in unexpected places without robbing its victims of their dignity.	5
Just saw this last night. This has to be one of the most over rated pictures I've ever seen. Nothing, I repeat nothing, happens!!! What the heck? My wife and I gave it an hour and a half and it was the same boring drivel. No plot, no story, NOTHING! We finally got up to leave which was a project since we were in "middle" seats. I felt like I won the lottery when we left the theatre. Sorry but I don't see what the hullaballoo was about...	1
The movie to me was really just a couple obnoxious kids running around and wrecking stuff while their parents failed to keep an eye on them. But while that's true it is very realistic, and there was something beautiful about this film despite the sadness of it. It reminded me of Moonlight in a lot of ways for some reason. The story is painful to watch but at the same time it captures a realistic issue in a beautiful and artistic manner. I'm not sure if Dafoe's performance is Oscar worthy, but it was very compelling and well done. It was a movie that got better and better the more you watched and thought about it.	4
An emotional commentary on our society and culture relevant to single mothers and their children. An important film to see.	4
Great movie, it could have been a lot more with the storyline and the ending was awful.	3
Exceptional. First rate acting, direction, writing. A compassionate, funny, heartbreaking look into America.	5
Slow, depressing and absolutely zero plot. It was like taking a clip from someone?s shitty life and playing it for an hour and a half. I?ll never get that hour and a half back.	1
Fascinating complicated characters in compelling scenes. the movie belongs to the children, especially the ever-in-motion Moonee (Brooklyn Prince's performance is stunning), but the adults are pretty interesting also. Willem Dafoe is superb as the motal manager with a soft spot for children.	5
I don't know why this movie gets 96%. It's two hours of kids running amok. I kept waiting for something to happen and when it did, the credits started rolling. There is nothing cute about it, the story is shallow and the directing choppy. Altogether an unpleasant movie and I usually like movies that are "about nothing".	2
I kept waiting for something to happen and maybe that's the point. Life goes on with all its bumps - big and small - and you see how it continues to flourish at a sad level. As a viewer I wanted more character development.	1
This is a movie that can be best described as bittersweet. The sweet part shows the complete happiness only a kid can know, no matter what their reality. It transports us back to the joy we felt from simple things....a dripping ice cream cone, the buzz of a fan, skipping with friends. The bitter part is the reality. In this movie, we remember this joy as we watch the main character, a 6 year old girl, while reality churns around her, in the form of a difficult home life and a dangerous environment. In the end of the movie she comes face to face with her reality and it makes us ache to know that the innocent joy of childhood ends for all of us, sooner for some than for others, and a wish to have it back, even if just for a moment.	5
As a single child of a single struggling mother, this movie hit kind of close to home for me. It's pretty intense and stuck with me for days. Initially I had a hard time deciding how to describe this movie. The cinemaphile in me wanted to rave about it on its technical merits - the film look, the gorgeous colors, the cinematography, the acting, the directing, the overall artistic merit, etc., but the emotional part of me found it depressing and a little too close to reality. As a movie, it's really a tremendous accomplishment but it's not a "feel good" movie. It doesn't make you leave the cinema with a nice warm feeling and positive outlook for the world, especially the world that our kids will inherit. If this were a documentary I think I'd just want to not delve any deeper into the story. But since it's *just* a movie, I have to give it top credits for creating such a strong response, a believable fantasy, albeit a pretty dystopian one. This is what movie making is all about, to make us believe something is happening which isn't. Nothing fake or sappy here. And funny that a movie loosely related to Disneyworld should blast away the whole notion of fairy tale movies with happy endings. Go watch it, it's one of the most interesting movies of the year for sure.	4
Absolutely loved it. Amazing acting and such a touching story	5
Well acted but depressing.	3
This movie seems to ramble along with little point.	1
No script. Leaving it up to the viewer to answer every question about every character is not art, it's an incomplete movie. Don't believe the hype about this one. Some beautiful shots and the little girl is delightful, but most of the acting is inadequate. Willem Dafoe deserved better.	1
While flawed, 'The Florida Project's' pros far outweigh its cons. Let's start with the negative. I can only stand so much shaky cam. I know it's a staple of Sean Baker who co-wrote and directed, but man is it disconcerting. The ending could have been perfect without the cliche final scene. Ok, but wow our two lead actors carry this to the heights that the story deserves. Willem Dafoe is going to receive nominations for his performance as the manager of the motel who cares more then he lets on. Bria Vinaite is a fresh face who lights up the screen playing a bad mom (to say the least). As for the four child actors, for my taste they fit well, but they're not polished. Much of the cast isn't a traditional actor in the sense you'd see in a big budget production, but for a movie like this it works. He we have a film with a story to tell and a director and actors who are able to pull it off. Now if we just had the ending to match. Final Score: 7.8/10	4
In Sean Baker's follow-up to Tangerine, he swaps his iPhone for a 35mm camera and Alexis Zabe's cinematography captures that fairytale gone wrong feel where poverty looks picturesque and the fading pastel colours have certainly seen better days. Instead of transsexual prostitutes on the streets of L.A., we observe a bunch of very young kids running amok while their single parents struggle to stay above the poverty line, one way or another, in a Floridian motel just outside Disney World that acts as a makeshift housing project (hence the title of the film). The meandering and segmented narrative does take a while before it focuses on the plight of 6 years old Moonee (child actor Brooklynn Prince) and her young mother Halley (first-time actor Bria Vinaite), and the authenticity of their performances often blurs the line between scripted dialogue and improvisation. Sort of an American Ken Loach, both Baker's films highlight the hardships and sufferings of marginalized people in the fringes of our society, but I have much less sympathy for the characters here. Moonee often comes across as shrilly and over-precocious and her mother's lack of both parenting and social skills makes her not only irresponsible but reprehensible when she refuses the help they obviously need. The most relatable character is Willem Defoe's constantly harassed motel manager. While he is perfectly underplayed in a tender portrayal, his role is too passively drawn as an observer without a character arc. However it is the cop-out pseudo poignant faux fairytale ending that frustrates me most. It might give us a geographical hint of the filmmaker's intentions but it feels overblown, perhaps even forced, when a dose of reality might have more of an impact.	2
American Honey - 99 Homes - Beasts of the Southern Wild - Heavenly Creatures	4
worst movie I've seen all year and I see many	1
Enjoyed this offbeat story that is honest in its telling.	4
The Florida Project is a deceptively powerful movie about people living on the margins of society and barely hanging on. Their stories come together in little scraps, you never really know how they got there, or what their back stories are. But you don't really need to know. Whatever happened to them, they ended up here, in a three-story motel on the outskirts of Disney World in sun-baked Orlando. What holds the movie together, as they do the community of characters in the film, are the children, especially the precocious and happy and carefree little girl, Mooney. You follow the children through the movie with a sense of dread - they're so small, so innocent, in such a big, indifferent world, you fear that anything could happen to them. So does the hotel manager, played by Willem Dafoe, who is watching the children out of the corner of his eye. He's keeping an eye out for them, even as he goes about his chores, managing the motel and its residents, out of heavy sense of duty, of loss, of guilt, over something. We never find out what. The center of the movie is Mooney's young mother, Hally, only a girl herself, with not even the slightest sense of what it takes to be a mom. She makes a little bit of money on the side, working in a strip club, which we never see, selling bottles of perfume that she buys wholesale, and eventually, turning tricks in her hotel room, while Mooney, oblivious, plays innocently in the bathtub with the door closed. The end of the movie is one of the most amazing, heart-breaking scenes I have ever beheld.	5
The Florida Project is a deceptively powerful movie about people living on the margins of society and barely hanging on. Their stories come together in little scraps, you never really know how they got there, or what their back stories are. But you don't really need to know. Whatever happened to them, they ended up here, in a three-story motel on the outskirts of Disney World in sun-baked Orlando. What holds the movie together, as they do the community of characters in the film, are the children, especially the precocious and happy and carefree little girl, Mooney. You follow the children through the movie with a sense of dread - they're so small, so innocent, in such a big, indifferent world, you fear that anything could happen to them. So does the hotel manager, played by Willem Dafoe, who is watching the children out of the corner of his eye. He's keeping an eye out for them, even as he goes about his chores, managing the motel and its residents, out of heavy sense of duty, of loss, of guilt, over something. We never find out what. The center of the movie is Mooney's young mother, Hally, only a girl herself, with not even the slightest sense of what it takes to be a mom. She makes a little bit of money on the side, working in a strip club, which we never see, selling bottles of perfume that she buys wholesale, and eventually, turning tricks in her hotel room, while Mooney, oblivious, plays innocently in the bathtub with the door closed. The end of the movie is one of the most amazing, heart-breaking scenes I have ever beheld.	5
A beautiful, moving film that understands the boundary between drama and comedy is so thin that it often blends the two in a blissful and admirable way. However, it suddenly and immediately falls flat on its face with one of the worst and most jarring endings I've ever seen in my life; one that can either be understood as a complete miscalculation of its own themes or as turning the entire film into an advertisement for Disney World.	3
This movie is a little painful to sit through, but after you have suffered a while, you will never forget it. It will stick with you like gum on your shoe. The most worthy art is that which makes you think, and after watching this film, your brain will be shifting ideas around and questioning morality, poverty, and humanity. After watching this film two days ago, I now sought out the trailer to bring me back to its intense reality. This movie is not for the nonthinking types, for sure.	4
Wonderful & thought provoking slice of life- growing up story. This young actress deserves an Oscar nod. Don't miss this small gem of a film....	5
William Defoe?s acting is great and the little girls acting is absolutely amazing!! The deadbeat moms acting was superb. But the storyline and plot don?t quite go anywhere. It almost goes a few places but never really gets there. It had the potential to be a great movie on performances alone but it was lacking in everything else.	2
Just give this film all of the awards now. It's hard to not be impacted by all of the individual performances of the three main protaginists, as well as the premise of the story. It's impossible to walk away ok from this film.	5
ok but goes nowhere......	3
Seeks to show America?s underclass and those on the margins and living hand to mouth - but spends so much time presenting an innocent and idyllic view - as events are seen from the children?s view point - when the reality hits it joults - but even then the final punch is pulled.....	2
Two-hour movie with less than one hour of material. Padded with long boring stretches of children walking or hanging around. There is a decent core story, but watch it on a service where you can fast forward.	2
ORLANDO BLOOMS - My Review of THE FLORIDA PROJECT (5 Stars)Move aside A QUIET PASSION, BATTLE OF THE SEXES, and the non-boring parts of BLADE RUNNER 2049, there's no question I've seen the year's best film, and it's a tiny indie called THE FLORIDA PROJECT. From the team who brought us the incredible TANGERINE (writer/director Sean Baker and co-writer Chris Bergoch) comes this neorealist look at the "hidden homeless" of Orlando that sits gloriously between Richard Linklater (BOYHOOD) and Andrea Arnold (AMERICAN HONEY) with a generous dollop of Vittorio De Sica (BICYCLE THIEVES). What sets this film apart from its influences is a wonderful sense of humor, fantastic use of rich colors, and the remarkable ability to go from laughter to tears with jaw-dropping confidence. Additionally, the trio of lead performances by Bria Vinaite, Brooklynn Prince, and Willem Dafoe sets the bar very high for the most stunningly naturalistic, galvanizing film performances of 2017. Have I made it clear that I loved loved loved this movie? No? Then let me continue...THE FLORIDA PROJECT, although scripted, takes a cinéma vérité approach as it traces the summer of a mother and daughter at a cheap motel in the shadow of Disneyworld. The film's name sounds like a working title until you realize that Walt Disney referred to his Orlando theme park as such, and it also serves as a double entendre for the projects-like quality of the motels. It's here where we meet 6-year-old Moonee (Prince), a brazen, effusive child who along with her buddies, hocks huge spitballs from her balcony down at the hood of a car. When caught by its owner who marches over to report the children, we meet Halley (Vinaite), Moonee's inked-up, middle-finger pointing, reckless young mom. It's not difficult to see where Moonee gets her personality traits from, and as awful as Halley is throughout the film, this early scene endears us to her. She may be dangerous, disrespectful and a total user of people, but Halley also knows how to charmingly work things out with the offended car owner. [Incredible side note: Vinaite was discovered by the filmmakers on Instagram. This is her first film. Wow!] We carry this interaction for the rest of the story knowing that both Halley and Moonee have a warped sort of dynamic charm to spare. They may fuck you over, but you'll still probably find yourself laughing as its done. That's certainly the approach taken by the motel manager Bobby (Dafoe). Despite appearing to be totally over the mother/daughter antics, you can still see genuine caring and affection towards them. It's a tricky role, but Dafoe really rises to the occasion. He's never been this pure and commanding. There's a fantastically dread-filled sequence in which Bobby confronts a potential child molester. His fearless protection of the kids in his building beautifully conveys the kind heart beneath the gruff exterior. Much of the time, he's confronting Halley about her late rent payments, or putting out fires (almost literally) every time the children get involved in things they shouldn't. Despite the lack of a traditional storyline, the scenes build and build naturally. Told from the point of view of Moonee, we witness a girl enjoying the hell out of what could be a very bad situation. Her mom, who has no money, scams strangers by selling cheap perfume on the streets or turns tricks in her bed while Moonee bathes. Halley has worked as a stripper and hopes to join her best friend, who works at a local diner, but she seems to self-sabotage. Any random line of dialogue out of her mouth shows us how she can be her own worst enemy. She's quick to start swearing when she doesn't get her way, or worse still, she won't hesitate to violently punch someone out. She's so hardened by the world, that she knows she can never count on anyone but herself, so she almost deliberately pushes everyone away. Prince and DeFoe are likely to get awards attention for their performances, and rightly so, but Vinaite is right up there with them with her highly relevant portrayal of a poor, single mother trying to survive from day to day. Despite the drab subject matter, THE FLORIDA PROJECT, helped immeasurably by cinematographer Alexis Zabe, explodes with rich, warm colors. Things may be trashy and dire, but little Moonee lives in a world of oranges and reds and purples. She spends her days begging for change so she can share an ice cream with her pals, or they trespass on private property and create all sorts of mayhem. At the Q&A I attended, Sean Baker compared Moonee and her friends to the OUR GANG group or THE LITTLE RASCALS. It's these comedic leanings that keep this film from dipping over into utter despair. Whereas the films of Ken Loach would lean in on the angst, Baker chooses to emphasize the fantastical joy. Moonee may feel a charge from the amoral, illegal happenings, but what she really values are her tight friendships. You'll find yourself wanting to call Child Protective Services on Halley while simultaneously hoping they can manage to wriggle their way out of it. Shades of PAPER MOON there. Rather than adhering to a traditional three act structure, the film moves vigorously forward with an inevitability and a mounting sense of dread. Everything just makes sense. You feel the desperation and the admirable coping mechanisms used to survive. We're living in a time where many people haven't bounced back from the economic crisis of 2008. They're living hand-to-mouth in their cars, on the streets, and the lucky ones live week-to-week in these flea bags. It's easy to dismiss this crowd as white trash, racist Florida Trump supporters. THE FLORIDA PROJECT gives them humanity, joy, humor right alongside the violence, bad decisions, and hopelessness. Isn't that something we can all relate to?I enjoyed every second of this journey, but I definitely wasn't prepared for the total knockout of its third act. Without spoiling anything, we see Moonee's mood change on a dime to blurt out one of the most impressive child speeches I've ever seen on film. You would have to be dead inside not to cry along with her. Baker and Bergoch maintain that the screenplay for the film was very carefully laid out. Everyone had to remember their lines, but there was too left for improvisation. In watching the film, you will swear that it's a documentary. There isn't a false note to be had, which is even more impressive considering the film's success relies on the capabilities of a six year old. Lucky for us, she's not the only actor to totally deliver. In a startling, extreme close-up, we see Halley's final primal scream, and in that instance, this supposed monster of a mother makes more sense than everyone else. You may hate her, but you'll admire the fight in her. All of this is followed by a delirious scene (captured on iPhones....a nod to TANGERINE?) which takes us to an unexpected and emotionally satisfying place. Some may feel left out in the cold by the ending, but, for me, it allowed these characters to live on in your imagination. I can't shake them. I can't shake the movie either, and I don't want to. It's a masterpiece.	5
Heartbreaking, emotional with a strong message and solid performances throughout. This is one of those films that take you away into the lives of many living on the outskirts of Disneyland. The film is rather repetitive though which many may not like and I am not the greatest fan of the unexpected-ending which personally ruined a great film for me.	4
The worst movie I've ever had the misfortune to watch. 1:55 minutes of my life I'll never get back, there's no actual story it's just plain boring, if I could rate negative stars I would.	1
Well this was definitely all kinds of perfect. I love that this lifts the lid off of the perfect shell that we place over Orlando with its sparkling amusements parks and reputation for being ground zero of familial happiness. While thousands of middle and upperclass families are shelling out their disposable income in these fantasy lands, real people are struggling mere blocks away. And what makes this so much richer is that it's through the eyes of child who is able to constantly make the most of her far from perfect existence by making friends, getting into mischief, and giving unconditional love to her mother who makes more than a few regrettable parenting decisions.Willem Dafoe is perfect as the worn and weary guardian angel of those who make their home in his hotel, but it was the non-actors that really blew me away with their pure honesty and realism. I'm not sure any of them actually have a long career ahead of them due to a likely lack of range but maybe that's okay. What they've created here with director Sean Baker is a beautiful slice of life that wouldn't have been possible with more classically trained actors.	5
SPOILER ALERT: Have been able to get over the abrupt ending. Otherwise, typical A24 production which consists of beautiful cinematography and an edgy, real story. Amazing performances throughout from the strong charafters.	4
Horrible waste of time. Acting was good, but that was all. Really no plotline. Just watching life of low life families. Just when something, anything, happened, movie ended.	1
A deeply humanistic portrait of a marginalized community on the fringe of the American Dream. Funny and deeply tragic.	5
Resonant, painfully real, and defiantly effervescent; This movie gorgeously captures the lives of the silent victims trapped in the culture of abject poverty. This is a story that allows anyone to walk in the shoes of children who suffered consequences from their guardians' mistakes, and is a movie everyone should consider seeing.	5
I can't believe The Florida Project movie got a 97% rating. It was the worst movie I have ever seen. The first hour is about the exploits for a very spoil child and her accomplices! The movie goes no where because there isn't anyone featured in this movie that you would care about. The spoiled child's mother is a train wreck who can't say a sentence without using the F-bomb! Willem Dafoe is the only good actor in this catastrophe.	1
The Florida Project follows one summer of a few children living in a slum hotel. The cast were fantastic, especially William Defoe and the young actress as Moony, but there was one moment that the actress as Moony had to pull of a very emotional scene but she started having trouble presenting anger. Luckily the scene after this is her best moment and makes me excited for her acting career in the future.The best thing about this film is the cinematography and color palette. The beautiful cinematography and the mix of a color popping environment makes the child-like wonder come off the screen. The best aspect of the writing was the characters. I found each main characters likable in someway, and this kept me emotional invested throughout the whole film. There were a few scenes that tried to establish character development but were already established so they seemed repetitive and pointless, and the ending had a sense of rush. I understand what the director was going for, but the rushing made the ending feel like an advertisement. The Florida Project is a great emotional ride of the innocence of childhood.8/10	4
Should be required watching for every Floridian. Poverty and love are not mutually exclusive!	4
Strange, slice of life in a world I don't want to know.	2
In this fantastic film the underbelly of this American life is on full display. It is a kaleidoscope of kids gone wild and poor parenting in the very dark not so magical side of Orlando. Dafoe's role as Bobby the manager  and handyman and all around nice guy is in an impossible position of keeping the peace at the Magical Castle. He is terrific but is out performed in the form of a 7 year-old whirling dervish known as Moonee played by Brooklynn Prince and she is off the charts good. Her mom looks like she just stepped off of a Jerry Springer show on how to fuck up you children and is played scarily convincingly by another newcomer Bria Vinaite . Welcome to the rarely seen world on film of the very bottom of the 99 %. (10-21-17)	4
This film means well, and it does portray the world of an oft overlooked group in America. But I felt like the whole thing was improvised. Willem Defoe is the only actor who gives a professional performance. The film is mostly slow and meandering.	2
Fabulous movie - a must see	5
Filmed through a child?s perspective living on a motel stop in a rough part of Orlando, this is one of the most raw and real movies I?ve ever seen. Director Sean baker does an incredible job telling the story of Moonee and mother Hailey. With great cinematography, and surprisingly amazing acting by a mostly non professional actors.	5
Sean Baker is a national treasure. Can't think of another working director who accomplishes so much with so very little. Just as he did with Tangerine, he brings you into communities that noone else seems interesting in filming. Communities that exist right under our noses, hidden under the shadows of artifice and glitz. Baker looks at it all with an unjudgmental eye. This isn't a documentary and it's not neorealism, but there are hints of both here. And again his uncanny casting of unknowns pays off big time - the child actors are uniformly phenomenal.	4
The second great movie I've seen this year.There is astonishing acting on display here, with alternating moments of hilarity from the kids roaming freely along the motel strips of Orlando, and the painful reality of their struggling parents. Mothers, really. It seems weird to describe this condition as some kind of idyll, but from a child's perspective, it's pretty close, when you have good friends to share it with. Of course it can't last, and you see the trajectory bending inevitably toward confrontation with state authorities, regarding the little girl Mooney and her pitiable fuck-up child-like mother. With a kind of horrific sense of anticipation you get from a suspense film, the edits come more quickly, and you have a feeling of queasy intuition that something awful is going to happen. No, everything will definitely not be "all right." But then a little girl knows exactly what her troubled best friend needs, and provides it with a slice of magic.	5
This film is one powerful experience about life and family and what type of situation a person can be in. Beautifully filmed and wonderfully acted, this film is powerful.	4
A review in one word AWFUL! But since when do I use one word when I can use 10?!To quote Allen, "Thor would have to be better than this!"I came home and read the reviews by A. O. Scott of the NY Times, Douglas Markowitz of New Times, Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune and Peter Travers, all who raved about the movie! Did they see the same movie I did? Or don't they know about the seedy strip not to far from DisneyWorld? (I did learn from a review that The Florida Project was the name for DisneyWorld in its planning stages!) Or are they unaware of the 'hidden homeless' in the United States?As I use 10 words when I can use one director and co-writer Sean Baker, with Chris Bergoch, uses 5 scenes when 1 tells the same thing. There is no faulting the acting which includes William Dafoe as the manager of the purple motel where 22-year-old single mother Halley, played by Bria Vinate, and her 6-year-old daughter Moonie, played by 6-year-old Brooklynn Prince, live. Moonie's friends Scooty, played by Christopher Rivera, and Jancey, played by Valeria Cotto, among others are typical kids doing things, both bad and good, kids do and are mostly natural in their scenes.After a very boring, 'where is this film going' 1hour and 50 minutes, we finally get the payoff in the last 5 minutes and all I can say is save your money and use your time for something else or go see a good movie like "Marshall" or "Professor Marston and his Wonder Women".	1
Emotional, creative, and often very funny, "The Florida Project" is one of the year's best.	4
What an amazing movie. One of the best movies I've ever seen. What a personal look at childhood and what goes on behind the scenes. It was a brilliant film.	5
Movie was amazing!!! Only thing I would change is making the ending a little more clear... it's a little obscure and abrupt. The message is great though; we all know the outcome of the situation and what happens to the kid and her life, so to see that they were able to get away for a day and pretend it doesn't exist was beautifully heartbreaking and just what kids would do.	4
A raw, genuine look at people who live on the edge, whose neglected kids could as easily be this brood of youngsters, or kids who are snatched by abductors. The film has great humor, which drapes itself over impending tragedy. The characters are trapped and unable to advance.DaFoe's role is touching and impressive. He's a patient man who understands his flock of strugglers and has a well-honed sense of how much he can care. This is a story of childhood whimsy that often goes awry as the children are raised with weak boundaries by adults who lack proper boundaries. I found the ending to be puzzling and weak, and didn't speak with anyone who found it satisfactory or meaningful.	3
Saw this at a sneak preview last night - couldn't stop thinking about it all day. Great acting and powerful cinematography. Can't wait to see it again.	5
A movie that I will not soon forget. Authentic, grim and moving. Memorable performances.	5
This is a pretentious self grandiose, vacuous, badly directed, badly (co)written, badly acted, badly produced movie that is all too happy with its own importance ! I don't want to give it any stars, but I'm afraid if I don't , people will not notice my review. I mean, can we institute negative stars for movies that wasted our time? From the very first shot where the camera lingers for what feels like an eternity on a pink wall, seemingly so that Mr Baker can enjoy seeing his own name repeated in various roles, you know that this is a work of a novice filmmaker that above all is in love with his own importance and has never shot a millimeter of film he himself hasn't adored. The movie is so full of cliches and stereotypes that you immediately know where it's going and how it's going to end up. The critics and audiences can love it all they want, but this is a great example of bad movie making in all aspects of the term . One of the worst movies of all time. Ironically the best shot of the movie is when Mr Defoe is smoking a cigarette at sunset, obviously thinking about life. It's all too obvious that the actor is thinking "How did I end up in this junk? What happened to my career?", adding the only palpable sense of irony to an otherwise terrible movie. Someone please tell Mr Baker that having 6 year olds making obscene gestures or using four letter words , does not making them endearing. And portraying the less fortunate members of society in the shadows of Disney World dies not make the irony more palpable, just more predictable and cliche. The name Florida Project , tells you all you want to know about this terrible movie. Save your money and if you have to, watch it on Kodi and thank me later!	1
The Florida Project didn't quite live up to the hype for me. It is an interesting concept. However,I think Andrea Arnold's short film, Wasp and feature Fish Tank were much better interpretations of Kitchen Sink realism. I like the premise and duality of Disney World set against the weirdness of Florida, but the like the lack of traditional structure and beat points left the story to meander. Also, the tone was mixed. Going back and forth between the Little Rascal-esque glee and the dire straights of their situation. A certain edge was missing. Felt like a lot near misses...worth seeing...but not as tight as Tangerine.	3
Very little plot, boring, meandering, predictable moral, not thought provoking at all. Other than the cinematography, it felt very much like a high-school film project. I?m perplexed at how many people have given this film high ratings. What types of lives are these leading where this becomes remotely worth that level of praise?	1
While at times funny, touching and intensely absorbing, this look at life in an underrepresented segment of contemporary American society is ultimately unsatisfying and somewhat frustratingly episodic. Beautifully filmed and well acted with a terrific production design, the film succeeds visually and emotionally, but its implausible conclusion and a number of other hard-to-swallow incidents undermine the overall production. Director Sean Baker's latest evokes a number of strong heartfelt reactions, but, unfortunately, it always feels like it never quite knows where it wants to go -- or how to fulfillingly wrap things up.	3
Waste of time. Really bad, no message, no meaning, poor editing. Not sure how this movie has a high rating. I wanted to leave after 10-minutes but my girlfriend would not leave. I already know what Florida is like, wow!	1
It takes a great and brave filmmaker to tackle a gritty subject like the life of someone living in poverty. It is a monotonous life for the adults but the heart of this film is how the kids adapt. Brooklynn Prince the six year old actress steals the show like Tatum O'Neal did in Paper Moon. The movie is boring and tragic but that is what makes it great.	4
Not funny, not inspiring, wish I had my time back. White trash at its lowest.	2
Beautiful and moving. Great performances all around. Dafoe is fantastic as usual.	5
The casting and acting are the only redeeming features of this film. The plot is lacking, the pace is slow and dull. The ending looks and feels like a completely different film not to mention the completely unrealistic fact that they get into Disney for free without supervision that entirely takes you out of the film.	2
Absolutely fantastic. Excellent acting, beautifully shot. Poignant. The ending may be a bit too much for some, but I found it satisfying.	5
Excellent tone and feel for realistic characters. Love this director!	5
If I'm to be completely honest, I don't like kids. They're really just romanticized versions of your blackout drunk friends that you don't talk to anymore because they mooch off of your stuff and won't shut up. I guess people's need to project nostalgia onto others is even more powerful than I thought. Sean Baker doesn't think so, though, and I admire that. Aside from its wildly out-of-place 30 seconds that bring the experience down a whole notch, The Florida Project is some of the most realistic, heartbreakingly true and affirming filmmaking that only can be achieved by a filmmaker with the utmost sympathy for their characters. It's often funny and sad at the same time, because in these people's lives on the fringes of society, opposing emotions coexist at all times like a crayon-drawn yin-yang. In what could also operate as a spiritual prequel to last year's American Honey, the film follows Moonee (Brooklynn Prince) a six-year-old living with her emotionally abusive and neglectful mother Haley (Bria Vinaite) at a motel called the Magic Castle, so purple that it almost oozes more royalty than Buckingham Palace. Unaware of the low conditions in which she lives, Moonee spends her summer break with her friends Scooty (Christopher Rivera) and Jancey (Valeria Cotto), who are also long-term motel residents with their respective parents. Certified hell-raisers, they spit on people's cars, yell at adults, cause trouble for motel manager Bobby (Willem Dafoe) and wander around aimlessly with some pretty candid consequences at times, but they're really taking in the world around them more than anything else. Ethnographic for virtually its entire runtime, its music is diegetic and its performances largely come from non-actors. These are people who live just outside of Disney World, the seemingly sourceless sounds around them almost functioning as a cruel reminder of their proximity to the happiest place on earth. Anything that exists right outside of paradise is going to be a dumpster fire of banality in comparison. However, Baker stages his scenes in subtly cinematic ways, often shooting with slight fisheye lenses and playing off of very shallow depths of field. The realism of America is what grants it its mysticism, and when you're a child, it's all the same. The humanism on display here is some of the finest since-to fall back on a previous comparison-American Honey, with Baker's admiration of the protagonist as well as the patience for her mother feeling at once objective and from one person's eye. The performances wrung out of his cast are largely brilliant; Prince not only gives one of the best performances of the year, but also one of the best child performances in recent memory. The actors aren't asked to mine emotion out of more conventional drama because Baker knows that the implications and causality are what really matter. Life isn't so much about moments in time as it is about what follows them. The Florida Project was essentially a perfect movie until its final 30 seconds, which I dare to call a bad ending. Going against everything that Baker and his actors had worked so painstakingly to achieve, it's a betrayal of what The Florida Project is tonally, visually, and aurally, which even makes it feel different thematically, despite the fact that it isn't. What comes before this maraschino cherry on top of an ending is beautiful, though, and that beauty is hard to come by elsewhere. If watching the fireworks from a distance is the only option, that's fine. The darkness makes them look brighter anyways. 9/10, amazing, A-, far above average, etc.	4
Not as good as Tangerine but still a solid sophomore effort from Sean Baker. Amazing child actors prove W.C. Fields wrong; Willem Dafoe shines as an overworked, overly sympathetic motel manager.	3
Heartfelt, sharp, really wonderful.	5
The best film ever made about childhood. A stunning look at innocence in dire circumstance and proof that helicopter parenting only hinders social development. A++++++	5
I laughed and cried at it's big hearted simplicity and an hour or so after the movie found myself surprised by how thought provoking and complex it actually was.	5
The film is stunning, yes, but the narrative falls short. Sean Baker fallows tends to leans towards form over function with this film: keeping in shots that are aesthetically pleasing, but serve no purpose in furthering along the story and have no reason of being in the film; beside that the shots "look good". So with that the story felt like it was being slowly dragged along by pretty shots and at the same time being carried by an excellent performance by Willem Dafoe.	3
Excellent child actors, but there is no story here. It?s like a straight line from start to finish, I kept waiting for the plot, never came.	3
Well put together storyline. Amateur camera angles.	3
Amazing film, funny and real. The little girl will break your heart. Unflinching, I'll tell you that.	4
One of the finest movies this year, if not this decade!! Willem Dafoe is outstanding!!!	5
"The Florida Project" | C- | Long, wandering, mostly boring / uneventful slice-of-life at a low income, high crime residential motel near Disney World. Depressing without any real payoff. Great performances, especially the child actors and DaFoe and amazing cinematography. But you're better off doing something else with your 2+ hours.	2
this movie fell very flat for me, I feel it lacked the depth and purpose that was intended. Sean Baker has stated that this films purpose was to bring light to the homeless population in this area of Florida outside of Disneyland. I don't think it did any thing of the sort. Visually it was beautiful, yes, but I can't tell if the simplicity of the film overall was to mimic the experience of a child or if it just lacked definition. Seemingly pointless parts of the movie held more screen time than necessary, time which could have been spent making their message clearer, giving more information on their environment. One of my main qualms was with the intro of the film opening with an explosive disco track, there is no other music in the movie besides what plays from Hailey's phone. I found this to be incredibly jarring in the beginning and random once the film completed and you realized the most energetic and upbeat part of the movie was saved for the opening credits.	1
Man, I really loved this movie! That said, most of the people attending the screening hated it. (a lot of "I'll never get that 2 hours back") Hey, it doesn't offer what a lot of people look for in a film. Now, if you're a real film buff... I think you'll enjoy it. It'll be tough to find an American film that captures childhood so accurately. It's beautifully shot. Just gorgeous! You're transported to a world that if you're lucky, you've never had to experience. Extraordinary performance by Willem Dafoe and the girl who played the lead is PERFECT. You don't feel that anyone is acting. Everything isn't spelled out and the director doesn't candy-coat unlikeable characters. I respect that. The movie feels sooo natural and there are moments that are just magical. This is one that's gonna stay with me for sure!	5
This movie was so amazing. Sean Baker captures realism like no other. In the many years I lived in Orlando, I never knew what lived just outside of the theme park world. It is amazing, how he captured the true essence of children growing up in this world today. The good, the bad, the ugly. But all of it so honest. I look forward to more from one of today's best writer/director/editors as well as adding more notches to amazing performances by Willem Dafoe.	5
I saw four films yesterday at the NY Film Festival. This was the finest film I've seen in an age. It took me from laughter to tears many times. It is a masterwork.	5
This is a touching film that takes it's time examining a demographic that we so often forget about. The POVs are captured elegantly and poignantly among what we would typically perceive as a mundane, drab setting.	4
Starts very, very slowly. Big pay-off if you stay invested and open. Strong statement and moving, but perhaps a bit indulgent at times.	3
Very little story here. Skip this movie.	1
Best movie of the year for me so far. What was shocking to me is that approximately 30 people left the SAG Actors screening at the DGA. I've been thinking about it all night and my only guess is that a lot of people don't like seeing the reality of society. One of the security members that works the screening said he hadn't seen an exodus like that since Moonlight. I found it to be a beautiful movie. I absolutely loved the ending! Bravo to the entire cast and crew!	5
A beautifully shot and heart churning story that needs to be seen. The Florida Project tells the story of a precocious six year-old and her ragtag group of friends whose summer break is filled with childhood wonder, possibility and a sense of adventure while the adults around them struggle with hard times.So I've only lived in Chicago for a few weeks, but I was able to catch a very early screening of "The Florida Project". Not only did I get a free, advanced screening, but Sean Baker was there to give a Q&A. This was really one of the more memorable experiences I've had in the theater, and really my first time meeting a filmmaker from Hollywood. It was a very honoring experience and as an added bonus, this film was terrific. One thing I love about this film is the cinematography and everything about how this film looks. It was shot with actual film, which actually brought out the beautiful colors and tones in this movie. The way the camera moves and the way it's shot was so simple, yet very overlooked in today's cinema. I appreciate how they took the time and shot in the actual locations in Florida, which gave it a more authentic feeling. It was a good tribute to those who actually live here. Honestly, I felt like a kid again in this movie. I mean, kids are troublemakers. Kids can be assholes. Kids, are also these innocent little things with no prejudice or care in the world. They just want to have fun and live life, and I'm not far from that period of time in my life. I felt like a kid again and it was so heartwarming. However, it was simultaneously heartbreaking because of the situation these kids were in. It was such a mixed bag of emotions, but it's one of those films that I know I'll really be able to cherish, especially as time goes on. The overall story was really thoughtful and insightful. Especially when talking with director Sean Baker about it, you can tell just how passionate and excited they were to make a movie like this. It had a great cast, great people behind it, and it just felt so real. It doesn't really follow your typical narrative ark that most movies follow, which was so refreshing. It was a smart movie, your emotions are played with everywhere, and it's got a whirlwind of an ending. This movie will truly make its way into many people's hearts. In the end, I was so lucky enough to see this film early. It was certainly one to remember and an experience I won't forget.	4
Es interesante el tema de la decadencia de las grandes estrellas, pero me ha aburrido más de lo que hubiese deseado.	2
Following the passing of showbiz mother and daughter Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher, this documentary has a poignance that is hard not to be moved by. The love and respect these two have for each other despite the trappings of fame and addiction is palpable. This is both heartfelt and bittersweet.	4
So glad the product placement wasn't distracting.	1
Very nice little picture - both great woman of their era's, shame they passed within days of each other.	3
will not convince the disbelievers that their is anything special about these two. I thought it dragged.	2
Bizarre. Lacking any sense of reality. Drugs were everything. Just bizarre.	2
Heartbreaking, funny, painfully honest, crude, entertaining, tragic. Love it. Need a tissue.	5
The tumultuous, albeit moving, mother-daughter relationship between Hollywood Golden Age survivor Debbie Reynolds and "Star Wars" personality Carrie Fisher has perhaps always been due for documentation beyond the sources of a brutally honest memoir or fictionalized film fodder. And so HBO's "Bright Lights," an Alexis Bloom and Fisher Stevens directed documentary that both explores their day to day life and their raucous personal and professional pasts in ways written accounts cannot, is plump with intimacy, humor, triumph, and pain. In the wake of their recent deaths - occurring just a day apart in the final days of 2016 - the film has a distinct aura of poignancy that makes its narrative all the more touching. Much of it takes place in the present (2014-2015), wherein we find Reynolds and Fisher living together in a gloriously gaudy Beverly Hills property. They've lived in the same "compound," as Fisher refers to it, for decades, and the mere watching of them move about their everyday existence is a simplistic joy to behold. (The film's first scene, which sees Fisher delivering a home-baked soufflé to her mother's side of the property, is a testament to the way the twosome's relationship has risen from its longtime turbulence to an unconditional brand of love).  The film's most compelling when set in this eccentrically functional setting, though its divings into context enhancers - expected biographical elements flavor the scenery regularly - are investing, too. In the hands of Bloom and Stevens, revelations are tacked onto given knowledge through eye-opening archival footage, and general documentations of the mundane are honest without undermining its subjects. There's a tangible determination to lens its central figures as ordinary women who just so happen to have lived extraordinary lives. "Bright Lights's" biggest accomplishment is, then, being respectful of the legacies of these women while still painting them as individuals as emotionally naked as the next person. Unlike in "Postcards from the Edge" (1990), the movie Fisher angrily wrote in an attempt to show her experiences with her mother to the rest of the world, we see these women strictly as fighters, fighters protecting themselves, the people they love, and their creative outlets, overcoming personal setbacks and other forms of heartbreak in the process. Together. The resentment of "Postcards" has been replaced by mutual understanding and endearing dedication. In "Bright Lights," we see Fisher and Reynolds struggling, with Fisher working to maintain her psychological stability and with Reynolds doing everything she can to nurture what she has left of her career. As the movie was originally conceived as a platform to showcase Reynolds's amazing vitality by Fisher herself, it's inevitable that she be the most fascinating feature of "Bright Lights." Whereas Fisher's been frank about the various struggles she's faced in her life, Reynolds, despite always being giving in interviews and in other revealing sorts of press, has always salted her public appearances with a hint of performance that makes it clear that we're seeing Reynolds only as she wants us to see her.  The movie mindfully shines a light on the vulnerabilities she's kept so well hidden throughout her career. We find out that she hates aging, not because she's vain but because it means that performing is more a challenge than it's ever been. She's only incessantly cheery and a craver of high standards because she wants everyone to see their full potential come to fruition. She collects Old Hollywood memorabilia not only because she wants to preserve memories of the past but also because she loves having a reason to stay in the public eye. By the end of "Bright Lights" do we finally stop seeing Debbie Reynolds the star and start seeing Debbie Reynolds the person. And that stripping of a well-oiled machine of a facade is what makes the film so much more than curiosity baiting voyeurism. That "Bright Lights" never heads into "Grey Gardens" (1975) territory only enhances our enjoyment of the film - clear is that Bloom and Stevens are going for loving examination rather than for exploitation. How could they, anyway, when the topics of interest are so much a part of our lives, and, clearly, so much a part of theirs? As evidenced by the elderly audiences that fill out rows for Reynolds's more recent Las Vegas shows and by the enamored fans that line up for hours on end just to get Fisher's autograph at a myriad of "Star Wars" conventions, these women mean a lot to people - and they're easy to adore. That they're gone is one of 2016's abundance of atrocities.	3
Watching this documentary you really get to know Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher. Beautiful seeing their relationship. You can see how close they are in the end and how worried Carrie was for her mum. Interesting knowing all the history I never knew.	5
A fascinating and intimate look at the ups and downs in this mother/daughter relationship.	4
Bright Lights is sort of an updated version of Grey Gardens, also a story of two aging mother/daughters who share a home, although Bright Lights is not as eccentric. I felt a great sense of sadness knowing that Fisher and Reynolds only died a few days apart. They were both great stars who will be sorely missed.	4
The documentary Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds scored an impressive 100% on Rotten Tomatoes, going a perfect 43 for 43 on critic votes. Granted, you'd have to be a special kind of asshole to trash this movie, but it's certainly deserving of the consistent high praise regardless of it's bittersweet timing. HBO initially set out to make a documentary on Reynolds' career past and present, but upon observing her genuine interactions with daughter Carrie Fisher up close, they pivoted to focus on their complex yet beautiful relationship. Reynolds and Fisher were not just mother and daughter, but also next door neighbors, best friends, and trusted confidants.I'm ashamed to say the only thing I knew about Reynolds previously was that she was Princess Leia's mother. I've always thought of myself as a film buff but watching this made me realize I really don't know shit about anything BC (Before Cruise). A captivating section of the film dives into highlights of Reynolds' illustrious film career patched together with home videos of a seemingly harmonious family life that was anything but. Unable to go anywhere without the paparazzi on their heels, Reynolds and a toddler Fisher were basically the Kardashians in an era that actually valued talent.The "present day" footage of Bright Lights takes place between April 2014 and January 2015. It shows the humorous casual visits between the two icons along with providing glimpses into what each was currently up to in their showbiz lives. Reynolds, well into her 80's, was still regularly performing a one-woman show around the country and Fisher was gearing up for her Episode VII role in between Star Wars convention appearances. The finished film hit the festival circuit throughout 2016 and HBO slated it for air in March 2017, however this was pushed up to January due to Carrie and Debbie's tragic deaths. Aside from an in memoriam title card, it appears the film was not altered to cover that sad news, which is commendable, for that could have betrayed the lively nature of this documentary.	4
Ni sabia quien era Debbie Reynolds ni quien era Eddie Fisher, los padres de Carrie Fisher. Este documental es grandioso porque refleja la vida de Hollywood de estas estrellas que fracasan en el camino o que fenecen en medio de las drogas y las adicciones en este mundo artificial de luminarias. Espléndido ejemplo de la vida "familiar" en el "Show Business" y a lo que conlleva este tipo de estilo de vida.	4
Rushed HBO release following their tragic demise over Christmas, but that's no bad thing. This is a shambling, touching documentary that perfectly charts their relationship. Hollywood old school Reynolds and truly bonkers Fisher make for a fantastic duo. Despite ups and downs there's a genuine love. Fisher's last moments with her drug-addled father are extremely moving.	3
Thoroughly enjoyed watching this tribute. There was a lot that we did not about their history together and much that we enjoyed seeing again. Very loving and beautiful documentary to two excellent women.	4
Debbie, Eddie, and Carrie.	3
Felt sad watching this. Was wishing for a better farewell for them.	3
Touching farewell to a mother and daughter who charm from the get go. Great to get to know them just a bit more.	4
good goodbye/farewell bio-doc	4
Fantastic documentary, after watching this, it is obvious why Debbie and Carrie died within a day of each other.	5
couldn't get through it without reaching for the Kleenex box. great one!	4
This was a real charmer, such a bond with these talented ladies.	4
it was a very poignant, honest look at the lives of two ladies who forever impacted the entertainment industry. This little gem of a movie is a terrific tribute to them and a wonderful way to remember them. May their starts shine on forever.	5
Wonderful, intimate look at two of Hollywood's most unique stars, made even more poignant because of their recent deaths.	4
If you love Carrie Fisher (and who doesn't?), you will love this documentary, which covers the relationship she has with her mother. So heartwarming.	4
A wonderful doc about Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher. It was great learning more about their family history.	5
