It was amazing, funny, quick, full of action and references!	4
Very fun, visually stunning and awesome sounding movie. I was disappointed with the thinly developed story by the time it got to the third act and I wanted more tying into the upcoming Infinity War but there was just a tiny bit. The movie was better than Thor 1 and 2 but Thor 1 had a better story.	4
this movie is dope funny and awesome..	5
Propositalmente exagerado, Taika Watiti abusa de seu estilo de filmagem de maneira positiva.Visivelmente improvisando diálogos, Chris Hemsworth brilha, mas, apenas na parte cômica, deixando seu personagem se tornar um palhaço enrustido em meio ao caos.Ponto positivo, deixando brilhar quem realmente traz algo de positivo, como Loki e a desbundante Hela de Cate Blanchett.Thor: Ragnarok não é e nem será um quebrador de recordes, mas é aliviante ao menos, ver a Marvel saindo de sua zona de conforto.	4
Melhor filme do ano.(Wonder Woman n entra nessa lista pq seria covardia com os outros filmes.)	5
Easily the best Thor movie and one of the very best in the MCU, Thor: Ragnarök is a bold new entry in the franchise that is different and unique thanks to the fantastic comical approach of Taika Waititi, while also being eye-popping, fun and pure Marvel. Filled with wonderful performances from a game cast and a funny and clever script, Ragnarök doesn't disappoint.	5
fun fun fun.. the perfect comic book movie for the whole family. like an eighties family film!!superb in every way!	5
3.75 out of 5 Stars.	3
Saw this in a screening and loved the fun and humor of it all!	5
Saw the screening on Monday and liked it a lot. Sort of a cross between Avengers and Star Wars with well timed comedy.	5
For me my biggest complaints of the first 2 Thor films are that they lacked energy, Thor Ragnarok is the complete opposite of that. From the thrilling opening scene all the way to the epic finale, not one second was I bored. I actually seemed to care for each and every character in a Thor movie with this one. The story is never too crowded nor does it feel like it needs more to it. And damn Marvel is in a 3/3 streak of great villians this year. The 3D is absolutely a delight and this takes the advantage to throw Thors hammer or other objects out at you. I loved Thor Ragnarok. A	4
Después de dos películas, por fin logran definir la personalidad de Thor, aunque en los trailers parecía copiar el estilo Guardianes de la Galaxia, Thor Raganarok tiene su propio estilo y su propio universo, por fin vemos el potencial de sus poderes; los personajes no pierden un segundo de su metraje en pantalla para darles forma y personalidad. Me encantó sin duda una de mis favoritas. Disney escucha a su público y está dispuesto a hacer los cambios que sean necesarios.	4
Blue rock man hilarious, well scripted and better than the other predecessors	0
Exploded tirelessly in both, humor and action, Ragnarok takes advantage of what fans and audiences expected from a Thor film from the very beginning, but it is Taika Waititi's vision and style the core in which the heart of the movie rises, excelling in the already great and enjoyable characters, epic exhilarating moments and over the top story that'll please hardcore fans of the MCU, as well as casual viewers in order to became one of the finest entries in the House of Ideas Studios.	4
I wanna see this so bad!	0
Not as much as I expected. Fall asleep in the middle of the movie in a cinema. Yet the plot is nice which is by fulfilling the prophecy in a great way in order to avoid extinction. It was worth it to watch if you are looking for an action movie to enjoy yet not a mouth watering for a cinematic lover. Just for fun, why be so serious :)	3
What are Marvel doing! they've turned Thor into an idiot and Hulk, a baby. seriously disappointed with this movie.	2
Possibly the best Marvel film to date.	5
Even though the film relies way too many times on easy humour, breaking the dramatism of two important scenes at least, Taika Waititi's confident direction helps the plot, the fresh and engaging performances of its stellar cast and the dazzling Jack Kirby-inspired visual style in "Thor: Ragnarok" to be enough reasons for the film to soar as the best in this superhero trilogy, and as a new success for the Marvel Cinematic Universe.	4
your standard corporate(TM) brand movie. nothing new nothing interesting, however mr Waititi comedic style kinda pleased me. and for that alone is enough.	2
What are Marvel doing! they've turned Thor into an idiot and Hulk, a baby. seriously disappointed with this movie.	2
Possibly the best Marvel film to date.	5
Even though the film relies way too many times on easy humour, breaking the dramatism of two important scenes at least, Taika Waititi's confident direction helps the plot, the fresh and engaging performances of its stellar cast and the dazzling Jack Kirby-inspired visual style in "Thor: Ragnarok" to be enough reasons for the film to soar as the best in this superhero trilogy, and as a new success for the Marvel Cinematic Universe.	4
your standard corporate(TM) brand movie. nothing new nothing interesting, however mr Waititi comedic style kinda pleased me. and for that alone is enough.	2
BEST MARVEL FILM IN MY OPINION!!!! humor and absolutely awesome action with a killer story line.	5
WHAT A JOY THIS WAS!!!Fun Fun Fun!!!	5
Helas CGI was really bad, the comedy doesn't fit to a movie called ragnarok, after thor 2 this was also a disappointment	2
This movie totally lost all drama of the history to change it for just jokes and unnecessary comedy	1
this was a very good action funny film the film has thor hulk and others and the mix has a good comedy scenes with them if you liked the Guardians of the galaxy then you will love this film	5
This was a hilarious movie. Without a doubt the best Thor movie to date. Not as good as Guardians, but actually quite close. Will rewatch to try and to catch more of all the references to Kirby et all.	4
In my opinion Ragnarok is painfully long and tremendously slow they managed to stretch out the pace setting for the movie to be about half of it, it is certainly not what we've come to expect from a marvel superhero movie.	3
I love this movie!! Thor is the coolest super hero!!	5
Trying so hard to be 'Guardian of the Galaxy', Thor is lost in translation..	3
Super fun to watch. I loved the humor they added to it, definitely made it the most enjoyable Thor movie.	4
Certainly better than Thor 2, maybe better than Thor 1, but still not among Marvel's best. Too much comedy. While all the Marvel movies have quite a bit of comedy, this one just had too much of it. The story is decent, the actors do a fine job, and the action is top notch, I just thought the comedy made the stakes seem serious than they were.	4
I have to say that the Thor Saga never dissapoints, is the Stronger of the Marvel movies so far, This one in particular, has it all, excellent dialogs, excellent comedy, easter eggs, a very strong script, and lot of fun, So far, the best movie I saw In particular from the Marvel Universe.	4
awesome, best super hero movie ever and totally doesn't take itself too serious. A+	5
The BEST!!! Marvel Movie !!! amazing cinematic experience	5
Well balanced movie between the action & comedy. The movie gets serious when it needs to and is hilarious when it needs to. Tho the story arc being very dark in nature, I love the comedic route director Waititi took with this film. Thor & Hulk was an amazing collaboration seeing as (this might be the only way we'll see more of hulk). The chemistry was there and entertaining. Grandmaster surprised me how funny he was. Hela killed her part, Korg killed it, even Loki was on point.For any of these people to hate or say something negative about this film just seem so to be just that hatred. From what I noticed its people who don't know a single freaking thing about comics at all, and is your basic google user to get there info. As long as the fans of all ages love it. It's doing something good. Now my only hope is JLeague is half as good or better considering there track record.	4
One of the best movies from Marvel Cinematic Universe. It's so interesting and active, you can watch the hard work behind this movie on the tape. i love it!	0
Piadas muito forçadas no inicio, de resto mó legal	4
Jokes. Jokes everywhere. There are not heart. No fear of the Ragnarok itself. Just a bunch of clowns acting like they are Super Heroes.	2
Thor defeated ragnorak, Thor cannot defeated hela , ragnorak defeat hela...SO HE UNLEASH THE THING THAT HE DEFEATED ON THE THING HE CAN'T DEFEAT!!!!!! To much comedy in it	4
A very good, funny, entertaining, and heart felt film. I was kinda burned that somethings were spoiled in promotional material but other than that it?s an amazing film worth seeing.	4
Brilliant movie! So funny!	5
copied starwars and marvel sucks	0
Think this tops my best Marvel movie ahead of GotG Volume 1. Funny, dramatic and brings parts of the universe together really well. Very good film	4
As a Marvel fan, this is great addition to the Marvel Universe. Must see.	5
Saw it at an early screening. This may very well be the best movie in the franchise. (Review coming after release)	5
With the continued runaway success of the box-office juggernaut that is the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), it becomes more and more preposterous just how strange and unique it can be. You would think a mega franchise this valuable would be more prone to playing it safe, hiring established visual stylists who can produce product. Instead, the MCU finds interesting creative voices that can succeed within their very big sandbox. Enter New Zealand actor and quirky director Taika Waititi (What We Do in the Shadows), one of the most surprising directorial hires in a decade of blockbusters. The Thor movies are generally considered some of the weakest films in the MCU, so there's already plenty of room for improvement. With Waititi, Thor: Ragnarok is easily the best Thor movie and one of the funniest to date for the MCU. It's finally a Thor movie that embraces its silly, campy, ridiculous world and finds space to cram in more eccentricity.Thor (Chris Hemsworth) has returned to his home world of Asgard to find it in great peril. His brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston) has been ruling in their father's stead, and that's not even the worst part. Thor's heretofore-unannounced older sister Hera (Cate Blanchett) has been unleashed from her prison and is seeking the throne she feels is rightfully hers. She is the goddess of death and chafes at Asgard's revisionist history, trying to paint over its history as conquerors for something kinder and gentler. Thor is banished to an outlying planet, Sakaar, that's essentially a junkyard for the universe. He's captured by Valkyrie (Tessa Thompson) and sold to fight in the Grandmaster's (Jeff Goldblum) arena. Thor is trained to fight in gladiatorial combat, and his opponent and reigning champion is none other than the Hulk a.k.a. Bruce Banner's (Mark Ruffalo) alter ego. Thor must break free, convince the Hulk for help, get off this planet, and save Asgard before it's too late.Waititi has acclimated himself extremely well in the large-scaled world of blockbuster filmmaking, and yet his signature quirky sense of style and humor are still evident throughout, making Ragnarok the best Thor film. Let's face it, the Thor films are completely ridiculous and trying to treat them as anything but is wasted effort. These movies involve alien Norse gods traveling by rainbow bridges and even though they can traverse the cosmos in spaceships they still sling giant broad swords. The more the films embrace the inherent silliness of the series the better. Ragnarok is the Thor movie that gets all the serious stuff out of the way in the first act, tying up loose ends from 2013's Dark World, checking in with Anthony Hopkins' Odin and the requisite MCU cameo (a superfluous Doctor Strange), and then introducing Thor's long-lost twisted sister. From Blanchett's intro, the movie becomes what it was set out to be, a lavish and consistently funny buddy comedy. Gone are all the Earthly constraints from the prior two films. It's all aliens from here on out. Thor has everything stripped from him, his hammer, his family, his hair, and becomes an underdog once again. It's a surefire way to make a living god more relatable. Fighting from the ground up, Thor makes all sorts of new friends and enemies, and it's this evolution into an ensemble comedy where Waititi's film shines. There's a jovial touch to the world building that extends from the visuals to the variety of odd characters. Thor has never been more entertaining as Hemsworth (Ghostbusters) is able to stop being so serious and embrace his underutilized comedic chops. The man has a stunning sense of comedic delivery and a dry wit that's right at home for Waititi. Hemsworth and his daffy sense of humor have never been better in the MCU.Even with the added comic refinery, Thor is still the most boring of the Avengers, so Ragnarok solves this by introducing a new bevy of side characters that steal the show. The wacky world of the Thor universe was always its best aspect, and each new film pushes the boundaries a little further out, revealing more weird and wild planets and creatures. It feels like a Star Wars where we spend our time with the weird, scuzzy part of the universe. Ragnarok pushes those boundaries the furthest yet and introduces an entire cadre of loveable supporting players that you want to spend more time with. Tessa Thompson has a wonderful and intimidating introduction as she swoops in on a spaceship, makes her badass claim of her prized bounty, and then trips and falls, as she is quite tipsy from drinking. She regains her literal footing and still seems a bit out of it, but the ensuring process she goes through to claim what is hers is thoroughly impressive. As a Valkyrie, this is one tough woman, but Thomson (Creed) has great fun playing bad. She really reminded me of a female Han Solo. Thompson has a wily screwball chemistry with Hemsworth, and both actors elevate the other with lively give-and-take. Thompson is a terrific new addition. She has an enticing, irascible appeal without overt sexualization that sometimes befalls the Marvel female sidekicks (Black Widow, Pepper Potts).Another character you'll fall in love with is Korg, a rock monster gladiator played in motion-capture and drolly voiced by director Waititi himself. My question: is it possible for a director to steal his own movie? This is a character that feels stripped from one of Waititi's dry, absurdist comedies and placed into the MCU. Korg is a would-be revolutionary but really he's a joke machine and just about every line is gold. By the end of the movie, I needed a Korg spin-off series to further explore this unusual character.The requisite villains of the film definitely play their roles to full camp, enjoying every moment. Blanchett (Carol) is like a Gothic Joan Crawford, marching with a slinky step and a sneer. Her multi-antler helmet completes the operatic sweep of the character. You'll forgive me for my above comment on recognizing female characters independent of their sexuality, but man oh man does Goth Blanchett make me happy (especially with her hair down). It's a shame that the movie doesn't really know what to do with Hela though. Every time we cut back to her I found myself getting somewhat impatient. I wanted to return back to the weird and wild world Thor was on. Blanchett is entertaining but her character can't help but feel a bit shoehorned in ("Hey, you had a long-lost sister, and oh by the way, she's basically Death itself, and she's coming by to retake everything, so have fun with that and sorry for the short notice"). Goldblum (Independence Day: Resurgence) is left to his Goldblum devices and it's everything you would want. His signature stuttering deadpan is just as potent in the MCU, and the film finds strange little asides for him to make him even more entertaining. Karl Urban (Star Trek Beyond) has a plum role as Hela's second-in-command who doesn't really want the job. They actually gave this guy a character arc. It's simple, sure, but it was more than I was expecting.Ragnarok is a swan dive into a stylized, candy-colored explosion of 80s album covers come alive. The visuals and action feel inspired as much from the art of Jack Kirby as they do the pages of Heavy Metal. The overwhelming feel is one of irresistible fun, something you lean back, soak up, and smile from ear to ear in between handfuls of popcorn. The final battle feels suitably climactic and revisits Led Zeppelin's immortal "Immigrant Song" once the action peaks, coalescing into a crescendo of cool. The trinkly 80s synth score from Mark Mothersbaugh (The Lego Movie) is fantastic and helps to achieve an extra kitschy kick. This movie is just flat-out fun throughout. It finds fun things for the characters to do, like when Banner has to not Hulk out on an alien world filled with stressors to trigger such an occurrence. That sequence almost feels like the grown-up, polished version of Adam West desperately running around as TV's Batman in need of trying to find a place to dispose of a lit bomb. There's an archness to the action and character interactions that is playful without being obnoxiously glib. I also enjoyed a climax that involved more than just out-punching the villains. Some might even charitably read it as a commentary on the over reliance of apocalyptic grandeur.Playing from behind because of its hero's limitations, Thor: Ragnarok finally embraces the silliness of its franchise, opening up more comic channels and vastly improving its entertainment quotient. The weird word and its collection of odd and oddly compelling characters is the best feature, and though it takes Ragnarok a bit of time for house cleaning, it becomes a steadily amusing big-budget blockbuster that maintains a cracked and lively sense of humor. It's allowed to be strange and silly and campy. Waititi's imaginative voice is still very present throughout the film, pushing the movie into fun and funny directions while still delivering the sci-fi action spectacle we've come to expect from the MCU. Ragnarok isn't as deep as Civil War, as perfectly structured as Homecoming, or as subversive and different as Guardians of the Galaxy, but with a droll creative mind like Waititi, it becomes about the best possible Thor movie it can be.Nate's Grade: B+	4
Funny. Very funny. Hilarious. Great romp!	5
Every bit enjoyable to watch as it was to be a part of -- Australia needs more of these productions.	5
Brilliant, hilarious and gorgeous to behold.. by far and away the best of the Thor triple bill and one of the best marvels so far... oh and a better soundtrack that GOTG...	4
PRETTY GOOD !!!! Many people had been saying that the film has to much comedy, and that is not the usual Thor profile from the comic books; well screw you; the movie is pretty good entertainment, I laughted, I had a very good 02 hours of fun. I only miss a little bit more about the Thanos and infinity jewels data.	4
This is a kids movie.	1
Tired joke after tired joke.... and i loved the previous Thor movies	2
Funny and full of insights!	5
Mher's favorite movie	4
So far best thor movie ever. So much better than thor the dark world! I just love the movie. Good action and good humor!	5
So far best thor movie ever. So much better than thor the dark world! I just love the movie. Good action and good humor!	5
I know everyone is raving about this film -- and you're all wrong.I didn't sign on to watch a socially awkward, clumsy, and shrieking Thor. I don't know what the director got for making this film -- but it should be LIFE with no chance for parole.Half the scenes look as if they were improved and should be on the outtake reel.	1
Best Thor movie among all of it ! Amazing !	5
If I wanted to see a good comedy it would have been ok, but since what I really wanted to see was a good superhero movie, where the storyline is taken seriously, the excess of stupid jokes really spoiled what could have been a good superhero movie.	0
Entertaining and funny. Action comedy with first class effects.	4
Ragnarok is easily the most entertaining adventure yet for the God of Thunder, although the bar wasn't set especially high, and while it doesn't reach the heights of the MCU's upper echelon (Captain America: The Winter Soldier still holds the top honor), it continues Marvel's track record of churning out exciting, fun-filled action that even non-readers will find accessible.	3
Taking as much inspiration from cheesy 80s cartoons and metal hammer artwork as from the pages of Marvel, Ragnarok is drenched in gloriously over the top action and grounded by wry antipodean humour. But I'm deducting one half star for not getting AC/DCs Thunderstruck into the soundtrack. ;)	4
A fun and exciting movie but Waititi lacks bringing action to a thor movie.	4
To be honest, I expected better. The most interesting parts of the script were all in the trailer, thus ruining any sense of surprise, the humour fell hopelessly flat in parts, and some new characters were bordering on Jar-Jar levels of annoying. Dont get me wrong, its an ok film, but not on the level of previous Marvel efforts.	3
Well for a superhero movie, it's a bad one, but we knew that already, its a Thor movie after all. But for a comedy its a hecking good one, I laughed all the screentime in the theatre. I recommend it!	4
Most of the characters are stupid, simple jokes every time.	2
BEST MARVEL MOVIE YET!!	5
Marvel offered to pay me to give it a 4, but unlike the critics, I have integrity. So much CGI, they should have made it a straight to DVD cartoon movie. Save your money	0
Best movie I've watched this year so far. Entertainment on the highest level.	5
Probably the best and funniest MCU movie since guardians	5
realy good ballence of humor and action	5
Loved the movie, the plot, the action and everything else. 1 thing I didn't like was how they repeatedly used the same comedy technique relentlessly, similar to Deadpool (where I believed it worked better) they could cut the music to make a joke or something comical. This for me was hilarious the first few times but the novelty soon wore off as it began to ruin the immersive mood after being used repeatedly to no end.	3
This movie provides the best comic relief character I have ever seen in a movie, rivaling that of even Deadpool.It is an absolute blockbuster of a film.	5
A fun, fresh superhero film, Thor: Ragnarok is a blast!	4
More than a laugh a minute but with enough action and excitement that you are never in doubt that it's a Marvel movie!	5
I think thor ragnarok is the funniest MARVEL movie. I really enjoyed the movie from the beginning, and it made me focused yet i still laughed at some plot twist??. Maybe im gonna select thor as my favorite character in MARVEL since he has cut his hair??	5
Endlessly fun, wildly funny. and visually spectacular. Chris Hemsworth is great and Cate Blanchett is fantastic.	4
Funny, fun action and compelling characters. Plus an awesome memorable bad guy!!	4
This a totally surprising film, in a positive way. It's not like the previous Thor films, this one has been produced more like Guardians of the galaxy. Totally orientated around humour, which really works. The story line is great and the actors bring the characters to life.one of best films this year!	5
Fun & Hilarious. Best Thor movie. Blanchett is an excellent villain.	4
"Thor: Ragnarok" Rules the World of Marvel Universe :)	5
Um dos melhores do UCM !!!	5
Best Thor movie hilarious from start to end.	5
Absolute garbage, mind numbingly drab, stupid humors, and gut wrenchingly bloated. I would rather be punched in the face a hundred times than to watch this movie again.	0
I liked the movie a lot and it's bee, a while since I've enjoyed a marvel movie. I would say it's Guardian of the Galaxy 1 good. My main problem is that the story is a bit superficial, but the movie is still entertaining. The actors are good, the special effects are great.3/5.	3
Guardians of the Galaxy: Volume Thor I being silly, but I dug the film. I really liked Hulk and The Grandmaster. They stole the show. The visuals are excellent.	3
Fabulous! Thor Ragnarok delivers by any standard, but the thing that perhaps delighted me the most is that there's finally a Thor director who actually bothered reading Thor comics and who understood the material and treated it with warmth and respect. Which is most emphatically NOT to say that the movie is "for fans only" or that it's not as funny and irreverent as promised-it's everything it's been hyped for and more, one of Marvel's best in general, and probably the most enjoyable big movie in two years-but it also happens to be the movie that the fans of the comic book had ceased to hope for yet miraculously got. Thank you, Waititi!	5
Very exhausting because of its greatness!	5
That Synthwave soundtrack and awesome story tho <3 my 3rd best marvel movie	4
It's fresh for Thor's new setting, and Cate Blanchett's performance is absolutely stunning. The story is simple, but Taika made the colors pop.	4
very funny and enjoyable movie	4
Best Marvel Film Yet!!!! Bring on Infinity War	5
Like always Marvel tries to stay fresh with the movie formula and yet again makes another Blockbuster, DC try and learn how to make decent movies	5
A worthy conclusion.	4
Great. Funny. Serious. Amazing!!!!!!!	4
Best Marvel Film Yet!!!! Bring on Infinity War	5
Like always Marvel tries to stay fresh with the movie formula and yet again makes another Blockbuster, DC try and learn how to make decent movies	5
A worthy conclusion.	4
Great. Funny. Serious. Amazing!!!!!!!	4
Taika Waititi did it again. Despite all odds. His first big studio film, and he obviously has been given the creative freedom, he should always be warranted. Every single performance is excellent and adds to build up one of the funniest comedies - yeah, you read right, it's a comedy - in a long time. In the line of Guardians of the Galaxy, and on par with it... Marvel has learnt they need more James Gunns and less artisans.	5
Entertaining but seemed more like a live action Disney kid movie and not so much a comic book movie. Incredibly too cheesy. I give it a solid Meh.	3
Solid fun if you accept this is a parody movie. Better than GOTG2	3
Tonally totally separate from the rest of the MCU but it works.	3
Thoroughly entertaining movie.	4
MAJOR HIT Marvel has out did themselves again. The HYPE IS REAL	5
Comedy is good but would have been better if it was less. Expected some more serious scenes. Not worth 96% rating.	3
Otimo filme, alem de muito engraçado trouxe uma melhora para a qualidade de filmes deste personagem.	5
Not my favourite Marvel film but bloody good. For those familiar with the Planet Hulk storyline from the comics it's picked up a lot from there. Not a bad thing, I really enjoyed Planet Hulk, it just means it wasn't an overly traditional "Thor" story to end the film trilogy with. It tries, and actually manages, to be funny without losing the ability to make things serious again afterwards. Go get your blockbuster action sci-fi fix with another successful film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.	4
THE best Marvel movie to date.Fun, retro and interesting, accompanied by an amazing music and picture quality.3D is not a MUST but you would enjoy iMAX experience for sure!Story is way better than Thor 2 or even 1. Few plot twists and yes... 2 post credit scenes.First 1 hour of the movie is by far the craziest, really cool stuff and last 20 min is also amazing. Overall movie kept you engaged pretty much all the time.No dragging out10/10	5
"Thor: Ragnarok" is a blast, Hulk is just amazing and funny	5
Already watched it 5 times during the first week of release in Indonesia. Best Marvel stuff so far. Huge, huge fun! Love it a lot. Taika Waititi truly is a genius. Go Korg! Go Loki! LOL! Brilliant move, Marvel. Thank you.	5
Well another wasted 2 hours of my life that I can't get back , all thanks to trusting these ratings ?? .	1
Marvel has made a modern masterpiece. Epic, hilarious, gorgeous, magnificent and hilarious. One of the most enjoyable experience in the Marvel universe.	5
A great action comedy from Taika Waititi that reinvigorates the Thor franchise. Great performances from all involved	5
Cartoonish, buffoonish, disjointed mess. However, it's probably good viewing for kindergarteners with short attention spans. For anyone over the age of 5, save your money and pass this one up. For the same effect, you can stay at home and stare at a strobe light for 2 hours with equal results.	0
The movie is really good! it's a Blast!!	5
It's been said all over and even to the point of nausea, but this movie is fun! Thor Ragnarok is a striking departure from the usual tone of Thor movies, and that choice does pay off. It's exciting and surprising, and I loved every minute of it. There's humour, there's action, there are stunning visual and strong performances from across the board. I don't think I've had that much fun in a theater in a while. The way Marvel is dealing with the continuation of their franchise, either with Spider-Man Homecoming or this one, is very satisfying. It's a great effort to try something new that maintains huge respect for the original material, while taking it in new, fresh directions. An entire segment of the movie is a tribute to Jack Kirby's visuals and it's amazing to see that on the screen.Excellent showing!	5
Reminder: Do not watch a marvel movie ever again.	1
Its fun and serious at the same time and thats what makes thor ragnarok amazing	0
4?? for Actors, 1?? for content. I really really like actors who play marvel heroes, they are awesome.	4
Está bueno el ragnarok, con sus giros (petits) y todo; hay que considerar que esto de thor ha sido el producto más débil de la mega-operación cinemática de marvel, luego de un regular inicio, una mala continuación, cierran la trilogía tratado de meterle un sabor pop y sicodélico a la franquicia. A mí me ganan desde que dark-galadriel aparece en en pantalla, a eso sumarle Hulk en mi caso, es ya una torcida de brazo cinematográfica. La disfrutamos con el joven Achu, y ahora, a esperar, creo, al fin, la guerra por las gemas del infinito.	3
One word: FUN. For a movie about the end of days, the characters themselves do not take ragnarok or themselves seriously. Lots of self-deprecating humor and colorful visuals enhance the fun, which is always light but nonetheless exciting.	5
As fun as I'd hoped, with a great dash of 'Carry On' humour	0
Awesome, very funny and entertaining.	5
Best comedy of the year!!!	4
It is not a movie: A bunch of poor jokes can´t be considered a movie. Its just fights and gags and more fights and more jokes. Will please the children with its colors. But even a 5 year old children could say: if his dad just died, ¿why is him telling jokes?"	0
O problema com Thor Ragnarok foi roubar Immigrant Song do meu querido Escola de Rock, isso não se faz.	5
I have a good laugh! Thor movie really lighten my day!	5
Hands down the best Thor movie and one of the most enjoyable experience in the Marvel universe.	5
Don't be fooled with all the hype surrounding this movie. It is a comedy. Characterisation had been lost as almost every character acts like Deadpool. It is way over the top with humour and prioritises that over everything else. The Ragnarok comic arc is one of the best ever made. Sadly, the film is lazy, relying on slapstick humour, cameos and one-liners to fool you into thinking it's good. It isn't.	1
I just came back from seeing it and this movie is awesome man.1) the action scenes were top notch in this movie. Thor has never been this epic in the MCU. He does some pretty epic sh*t in this movie and he is definitely not nerfed anymore. Thor in unleashed in this, I love that.2) Marvel did a damn good job in hiding some spoilers in the trailers.3) design-wise, the movie is totally beautiful. not a single bad effect in the movie. even the scene that changed from city to field looks better on the actual big screen.4) the freaking soundtrack. absolutely perfect. Immigrant Song FTW.5) Hela is totally badass too. powerful, commanding, with just the right amount of scenery-chewing. hell, a lot of characters are so delightfully over-the-top in this.6) great supporting cast too. Valkyrie owns everything the moment she enters the movie. even Surtur was pretty darn hardcore. and Korg is freaking hysterical. Man I loved Korg!7) the movie's got a lot of humor. that may be a problem to some.....but, when it's time to take things seriously, the movie does exactly that. specially towards the spectacular third act, when real sh*t is going down, the humor dials back a ton. It is only during the Sakaar portions of the movie where most of the humour is, not without several moments of sincere character interaction of course.8) I thought what they did with the "Ragnarok" part was kind of genius. this may not be the Winter Soldier of Phase 3 they told us, but it does make some significant changes to the overall MCU, or at least, the Thor section of the MCU.9) The pacing of the movie was perfect. Plus there wasn't a single scene in which I felt bored.Overall this was one of Marvel's best films for me. It would definitely be in my top 5 marvel movies along with civil war, winter soldier, gotg and iron man 1. I'll probably rank it at 2nd or 3rd!!!	5
Easily the best Thor movie (for whatever that?s worth), but also one of the better MCU movies. The music and visuals are excellent. The comedy lands much more than it misses. While the humor might be a bit overused it is definitely evened out by some action scenes that are among the best and most fun in the MCU. The fact that the movie is such a compilation of action, sci-fi, fantasy, and comedy should make it enjoyable for a wide array of viewers.	4
Not interested, but will be forced to see. Even if DC's Justice League is awful? I will enjoy that more than this predictable trash! Opinions, opinions, who cares? I do-don't. Checkmate "Marvel" LoL...	0
Facilmente o melhor filme do Thor. Muito divertido, apesar do roteiro repetir a historinha da Hela umas trocentas vezes.	4
getting tired of the same plots every single marvel film	3
Colorful, dynamic, light-hearted and Jeff Goldblum are perfects synonymous to describe the third and final chapter of Thor solo adventure.	3
Thor Ragnarok bloody EPIC I TELL YA they absolutely killed it. It is one of the best movies in the Avengers world period. I love just how much fun they had with this movie it is pure gold. It was absolutely hilarious love the Kiwi accents and characters and I am in love with Tessa Thompson as Valkyrie she kills it. Brilliantly done I want to see it again and again. Plus Chris Hemsworth........GOD DAMN	5
Honestly, nice graphics and a good laugh. Enjoy!	4
Thor: Ragnarok takes a big colourful rainbow piss all over the Marvel cinematic universe. For better or for worse the latest instalment of the Thor franchise turns its world and characters on their heads and spins them around revitalising their very core. The stripping and taking down of the lofty nature of the proud and proper Asgardian landscape of the original comics and the 2011 Branagh original gives way to an almost absurdist take on the God Of Thunder. More or less detached to the larger MCU of Captain America and Iron Man, Thor is given The Guardians Of The Galaxy treatment and is left to play without the constraints of earth at hand. Instead Thor's quest is a more insular one of self preservation of his home world and everything he and his father stand for. The only other person who seems to be as detached from the MCU as Thor is Taika Waititi who seems to have been given a blank cheque and full reign to do whatever he wants with the film. The directors influence, humour and visual style and flair runs rampant throughout Ragnarok. Fans of Waititi's previous films are not to miss out here as Ragnarok contains not only some of the best one liners from any Marvel film but from any Taika Waititi film as well. However, most surprising of all the director's influences upon the film is the picture's politics and how the film has a very clear post-colonial message and can be somewhat viewed through a post-colonial lens. When it comes to performances Chris Hemsworth plays it as loose as he has ever played Thor yet still gives it full whack when it's time for him to be the fighting fit action star the screen deserves. Tom Hiddleston returns as the ever slippery Loki and Mark Ruffalo makes as a brilliant guest starring role as Bruce Banner and the evergreen Incredible Hulk. But man of the match as far as the film is concerned is most certainly the biggest scene stealer in the whole picture: Jeff Goldblum. Jeff Goldblum as The Grand Master is Goldblum at his most campy and playful and easily breaks the Top 5. of Marvel's most memorable antagonists. That's not to say the film doesn't have flaws. Sometimes the film gets a bit messy, it inevitably ends up a CGI fest extravaganza and it's sometimes hard to take the serious stuff seriously when it's surrounded by gag after gag after gag. Thor: Ragnarok however stands as one of the best Marvel movies released, certainly the most idiosyncratic, and is the best film that features the almighty Thor. Filled with some of the best cameos you'll see all year, Thor: Ragnarok is a peach in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. A peach that can only ripen with age and get funnier with each watch. Taika Waititi... You've done what Edgar Wright failed to get done - make a balls to the wall Auteur comedy disguised as superhero blockbuster; well played.	4
Why is it that the best sequels (and this is unquestionably the best Thor sequel) always have to destroy what makes them great? Consequence is what's missing from so many superhero films these days. Just look at the last Thor film: did you ever doubt that nothing of consequence would change? And yes, I know Freya died in it, but that's exactly the point: she was so inconsequential that she only existed to give Loki a bit of motivation. Whereas here, while you never doubt that Thor will prevail (duh) you never know at what cost or who will die along the way. So I understand the conundrum, but it's still aggravating to see them finally give us what we've been screaming for from a Thor film (a plot taking place entirely outside Earth, fantastical quests of a mystical nature, a physical challenge for Thor), only to make it all but impossible to ever do a film of that style again.This is a film that knows how to give the audience what it wants. What's impressive about that is how often what they give us is something we didn't realize that we wanted in the first place. Thor in Planet Hulk? Sure. A comic relief rock monster revolutionary? Why not. Jeff Goldblum as a despotic yet vaguely detached madman? Hell yeah! When these scenes make their payoffs it's a genuine thrill. What's really impressive though, is the character moments we were so frequently lacking in the overblown pseudo-medieval setting. Odin gets a farewell that's genuinely emotional for a character with such inconsistent characterization. Thor actually matures in a believable and well-earned way while still being the fun-loving goofball we all enjoy. Loki betrays just about everyone yet still manages to feel believably sympathetic. He's also become full-blown antihero at this point. Which is good cause he's just wasted as a mustache-twirling villain. Hulk AND Banner get to unveil their insecurities and mistrust of the other. Our new Valkyrie gets to overcome her drinking problem and desire to hide from her past. And of course, Hela gets some of the best moments of any Marvel villain as she proves easily a match for Thor and all of Asgard. Heck, even generic Karl Urban villain #21 gets his moment in the sun.And of course, the key thing about the film is that it's fun. And funny. Every few minutes features a new bombastic misfire, starting with Thor's poorly timed one-liner and inability to keep still (he's chained to the ceiling) when talking to a demon god of fire. Thor and Hulk make a great oddball comedy duo, as does Thor and Dr. Strange, Thor and Loki, Thor and Bruce, Thor and rock monster, and Thor and Valkyrie. Err, they have a lot of good pair-ups is what I'm saying. The world is as colorful and chaotic as Guardians of the Galaxy, and the tone of irreverence is there too. But unlike Guardians, Thor is always at the center of events and the theme is not one of learning to trust people but of taking responsibility. It also, insanely, takes itself less seriously than GotG. The emotional journey is real, but at moments of great loss and pain people are able to crack jokes and not have it feel a tonal nightmare.	5
Can't say this was a bad movie, but it really lost the sense of the previous films and replaced it with stupid forced humor. It broke the emotional connection with the characters. I did love the storytelling, epic moments and the progress of the plot but it was overshadowed by total lack of any serious scene that wasn't destroyed by an unnecesary and embarrassing joke. It's clearly visible that the actors could do much better without it, and I felt sorry for them for being forced to degrade the otherwise marvelous character they embodied. I did not enjoy this movie but i still can't say that it was a bad one, because it's a great ''Disney-like'' funny movie for the whole family.	2
Absolutely stunning movie. Best Marvel movie of all time. Funny, action packed and full of Led! Having watched Planet Hulk I really liked the inclusion of Meek et al.	5
Not necessarily a want to see but didn't want to click not interested cause that would be a lie I am interested in this movie and I can't write my thoughts with out clicking one or the other so here I believe it's gonna be a formulaic marvel movie but if the formula works why change it though I have grown bored of it personally. It's also plain marvel looked to implant bits of planet hulk to give fans that've been looking toward a live action film closer but also at the same time tell people they my never make a live action planet hulk	0
This misguided movie is one hell of a wasted opportunity, but come on guys, if you make Cate Blanchett look (and act) like an evil cross between Cher and Nina Hagen with antlers for a crown, I wanna see more of her. MUCH, MUCH MORE. (And of Jeff Goldblum of course. Oh, yes, and Loki please, cos he's like a million times sexier than Thor will ever be. Ever.)	3
I don't think I've ever laughed so hard in a theatre. The cinema was packed and the vibe was electric. It was so great listening to the reactions of the young boys sitting behind me. I would absolutely recommend this film for the joyride experience, one which also manages to hit certain emotional beats at the same time.	5
A Blaze of Colourful Mediocrity	3
This movie is overrated and same old thing Marvel has been doing for the last 10 years. No change there. It's getting old and boring. How much is Marvel paying those critics giving them 4.5 to 5 stars every time? It's pretty obvious that they do when a lot of those movies are really junk or fillers for the Avengers movies.	1
Fun and so entertaining! Just perfect.	4
Marvel's last great movie was the Avengers (first one). After that, it has been the same stuff, same format and same non-exciting ending. Yeah it's funny with action, but it's the same thing over and over again. From Ironman, Thor to the last Avengers movie which was the worse one BTW. Marvel needs to change it up. 10 plus years of the same thing is not really a must see anymore.	1
Tired of Marvel and DC and I loved the comics, the critics are obviously going to shit out amazing reviews for this, just like every other super hero film. I saw this last night and it felt so tired and cartoonish, lame jokes and pretty bad and obvious CGI, at this point I feel like critics are being paid off because a 95% is a ridiculous review for this movie.	2
Real or not this movie is one hell of a journey! The story is truly serious and great, the fun moments are tons! The cinematography of action scenes is just unrealistic good. Hela is one of the best MCU villain so far! Cate Blanchett just killing in it in this role. She looks sexy, furious and also got her arc in the movie, which is big step, thinking about previous Thor movies. Hulk got so many epic moments, that I just can't count. Valkyrie fits perfectly in the ne "Revengers" team such a good actress. Loki is fan favourite again! Every moment with Tom Hiddleston on screen is awesome. The movie it's so colourful and extraordinary, so you can watch it again and again and again! The score of the movie, the intense scenes, I mean I really love this movie. Is the best one among all of the three Thor movies. Firstly because it feels like whole new story telling, and secondly it's also one of the best MCU movies. Phase 3 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe gives us truly great movies, and like a die-hard DC/Marvel fan, I appreciate that.I will not reveal the plot or some big details of the movie, I want you to enjoy yourself first, but you'll not be disappointed at all! Hela is epic, Odin got his role in Ragnarok and there are some HUGE details that'll lead to Infinity War and you'll lose your mind when you see them. MINOR SPOILER: Someone is coming!!!	5
A film that completely escapes from the formula and delivers not only the best film in which thor has appeared (counting with two avengers), but also gives a new breath to the genre of superhero movies. Chris Hemsworth finally becomes the god of thunder he should be, hulk and valkyrie steal the scene, Loki continues with all his charm and Cate Blanchett's Hela blends sensuality and brutality into each of his scenes. Thor: Ragnarok is a marvel film, but above all it is a Taika Waitti movie.	5
Es entretenida y hace reír bastante pero abusa del chiste flojo y al final ya no es acorde con los super héroes que conocemos, trivializar tanto a Thor y a Hulk los deja como un par de pendejos. Parece que quieren utilizar la misma receta de Deadpool para todo Marvel y no funciona.	3
These marvel movies are getting more cartoonish!!!!!	1
You could never look away from the magnificent fighting scenes	4
Thought I was watching Guardians of the Galaxy. Mark Ruffalo is a real hoot. And Jeff Goldblum deserves an MCU movie all his own. It's a party!	4
A bit like watching Flash Gordon back in the day! So cheesy! But really really good and extremely funny!	4
Colourful, visually impressive, action-packed, and hilarious from start to finish, Thor: Ragnarok sets the standard for entries to the Marvel Cinematic universe.	5
It will not fail you.	5
I cannot understand how Kevin Feige allowed Waititi to direct Ragnarok, a fundamental film for the MCU storyline.The cast is perfect, but there is too much 'funny' moments. Ragnarok had to be a drama story, the prelude to Infinity War, not a comedy. A bad comedy. I regret for the actors, that have been exceptional. But I don't wanna see anymore a movie with this 'tone'.	2
A direct follow up to what Thor has seen during the event of Age of Ultron 2 years ago, it serves as a bridge to reunite those not in Civil War towards upcoming Infinity War with a similar approach that still connects with general audiences and distinguishes itself from DC's dark tone but its inconsistencies may upset those hardcore fans. The latest follow up to the family affair of God of Thunder and the prophecy should have weighted in a bit of seriousness on the lost of the main character about to face but the same comedic formula has been overly applied until it overshadows the emotional engagement throughout the entire film. Stunning visual effects are extremely colorful while retro style musics effectively enhances the fun and excitement of Thor's party but somewhat similar to Guardians of the Galaxy. Both Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston still deliver great chemistry as their respective roles but Mark Ruffalo as the childish Hulk is the one that steals the attention while the villainous role of Hela portrayed by Cate Blanchett seems a bit neglected, underdeveloped and unconvincing. The event revolves on Ragnarok might seems structured just in brief but the film is still overall entertaining enough to compensate Thor's dignity from his previous disappointing installment - The Dark World.	3
Best movie of thor series of all time	5
This is a good film. Definitely the peak of what the MCU can do, unfortunately, the humour is sometimes cringeworthy, and the action is somewhat boring. But besides that, the music fits quite well (I even got some GOTG feels) and the acting is on point. And as always with the MCU, stay till after the credits....	4
The best Marvel film in a long time!	5
Funny, entertaining, but this movie has lost its essence, especially when Thor and Hulk are out of charcters	3
Never a dull moment. Would see it again. I was not expecting the movie to be that entertaining!	5
Just saw the movie and I thought it was a steaming pile of misguided awful! Everyone in the movie is the comic relief so the whole 'end of everything' seems like a joke. It portrays Thor as a cowardly buffoon who is always cracking jokes and his scared to have a hair cut! Hulk is portrayed a sulky brat. A complete departure from how they are portrayed in the previous movies. If you are a long time fan of these characters you will likely dislike this movie.	0
Cômico e ao mesmo tempo épico!Thor Ragnarok foge da mesmice dos filmes anteriores, um ar mais descontraído, sem se desprender do elemento principal do filme, que é a ação. Um dos três melhores filmes do universo Marvel, até agora.	5
Haven't seen it yet...I already pre-purchased my tickets for me and the fam...I'm excited and can't wait. Marvel and the whole MCU has yet to dissapoint...I'm glad to see the progress and great ratings the MCU are getting. I will be back to rate the movie after seeing it??.	0
Watching the trailers, I was afraid they made it too funny at the expense of the storyline, but yet again I was impressed how they managed to balance humor, action and drama in a perfectly played and directed movie, thumbs up!	5
Great movie, doesn't take itself too seriously and is very funny.	4
Great movie! Saw it on it's first showing day here in the Philippines, no boring moments, full of action and lots of twists that doesn't hurt the series at all! It deserves the high ratings it gets!	5
Thor 3 takes a different direction from its previous instalments being more exsplosice higher stakes than ever before it picks up where thor left off and he's been flying around space for sometime looking for infinity stones in between the cast is outstanding especially cate blanchett as the all mighty hella who beats the shit out of a load of asguardians and even deystroys Thor's hammer as loki says a peace of glass the film follows thor on his Journey to find his dad and save asguard and he makes a few friends along the way some new some not so new the action is thrilling special effects mind blowing all in all one of the MCU finest films to date may have to reorganise my list definitly recomend	4
As if the MCU couldn't impress me more than enough, in the case of 'Thor: Ragnarok' however, this has probably been the most 'Fun, Fun, Fun' and downright enjoyably hilarious experience I've ever had with a Marvel film to date. This film's determination to embrace the ridiculous and outrageous side of Norse Mythology and the Marvel comics in general make this an experience worth seeing on the big screen. Hindered by the likes of the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' films to go into the cosmic and magical realms of the overall universe, it's only by it's added humour and wit to it's expansive blockbuster-like-plot that gave the film a great heft in it's entertainment value (something the previous solo-Thor films could've used). I can't complain about the colourful this film has assembled as they are exceptional as they're having fun in their role just as much as the audience is engaged in it's all manner of excitement. Even if Kiwi Filmmaker/Actor; Taika Waititi was such an uncanny fit for directing a film such as this, he really knocked it out of the park with this film, I can't imagine what else this film would've been if he hadn't directed it (only a completely different product). I can't recommend this film more highly enough, as not only as it's the best 'Thor' film, its quite possibly one of the best MCU films ever made. Be prepared to face the wild, funny and outright fun ride that is this film.	4
Thor* only here for the jokes (version)	2
The best MCU movie to date. It balances humour with drama, and tells a captivating story at the same time as setting up future Marvel projects. And, if viewed without the rest of the MCU behind it, it makes for a well rounded movie clearly made by some of the best talent in the film industry today.	5
This movie is a lot of silly comedy. Efective in some ways, and in others it's just too much. Entertaining, funny, but very standard.	2
The movie was good and funny. CGI and graphic effect was great. But the plot in the movie,moderate. The final battle was not so great. Just okay. Overall the movie was okay. But no wow factor.	3
good all round movie. funny/ auction	5
if you are watching it as a comic fan, you will be disappointed as it does not follow any MCU timeline whatsoever. Still, its a refreshing take on Thor and there is jokes aplenty thru out the movie. Not the best MCU movie though...	4
A few funny moments, bu that's all.	3
The critics are eating shit. Alot of unecessary jokes, The visuals are ok, shitty cinematography... WTF MARVEL?	2
I haven't seen a movie in forever, so I might as well give it a shot.	0
Thor Ragnarok Movie review:It is very entertaining (to some) but I think it's very humiliating. By date, it is the most approved Thor movie for being %different and being very funny.I love how MCU made Guardians of the Galaxy, the bunch is naturally funny, but to this one, I think it's forced. I'm comparing it to Guardians of the Galaxy because the feel, the sound, and the look of this Thor movie is very similar to that one. I even expected to see the guys at the end of the movie but to my disappointment. Oops sorry, no more spoilers.Is it also just me or most of the jokes in the movie aren't really funny? Honestly, the movie becomes a big joke really. There was a point when I was wondering if I'm really watching a Thor Movie or a fan fiction? Or maybe a sitcom where Chris Hemsworth's a guest. It's really disappointing really, how Thor's personality changed drastically from a serious God of Thunder to a one who jokes about everything. It's frustrating to see a character just being changed like that (maybe because they think Thor's personality from the past movies is boring?)The worst thing of all is how they wrote the destruction of Asgard. I don't know to some but it's really a bad comic relief to the story for me. Don't forget the major plot holes. Characters from the franchise disappeared with no reason.On the positive side, it is entertaining if you're only there for entertainment and you don't care for the quality of the story.Anyway, the CGI effects will surely still entertain you, especially kids and kids at heart. And maybe you can catch the 70% of the jokes I didn't think was funny.And this is just my opinion. 6/10	0
Great sound track! Plot runs tying marvel films together. Most scenes contain comedic humor.	0
No holiday movies for America this especially me because of leap and my little pony are both ruined by too many bad number one movies of 2017 for the past months so shame on all the unwanted r-rated movies I hate all of those terrible number one movies of 2017 a lot too many very bad number one movies of 2017! Screw all the holiday movies of 2017! And no girls allowed to Thor period only for boys and adults not for all of your girls!!!!	0
What a blast! The movie was extremely exciting and all around a great time. The movie is colorful and full of life with all the environments and locations. The action set pieces are some of the best in Marvel movies to date and sets a new standard for Marvel movies. The acting was super as always and chemistry with everyone involved. The movie was one of the funniest marvel movies and they just know how to keep making us laugh with over the top comedic scenes. One of the best marvel films to date! 90/100	4
Muy buena un humor diferente a lo que estabamos acostumbrados.	5
If this movie was a person, I would throw my wallet at it and scream " take my money, all the money" and scream like a teenager at a Bieber concert. Its just pure joy.	5
Thor; Ragnarok saved the very best for the last of the previous films, thanks to some witty humor and direction which borrows influence to the classic Sci-Fi and Fantasy films of the last two decades.	3
Quite possibly the most entertaining romp in the Marvel Cinematic Universe to date. Impressive that low-key (no pun intended) character comedy co-exists with the usual bombastic action with added flash. Of course, getting there evidently required significant character retcons, and turning a largely ineffective faux-Shakespearean sub-franchise into a second Guardians of the Galaxy, so it's not an unmitigated success.	4
Fun, entertaining and extremely funny. Firstly, do not go in to this film thinking it will be an action film, as it's not. Yes, it has lots of action and fighting, but it comes across as more of a comedic film rather than action. Very much so like GOTG. But nevertheless, it blends the 2 brilliantly and is a must see for marvel fans and movie goers the like.	0
Best marvel film by far. Gripping, funny, and at no point was I ready for it to end. Fantastic film!	5
Best Marvel movie yet!	5
Seeing it in IMAX it's just an amazing show	5
Pure epic. It's an 80's epic fantasy brought to life. RAGNAROK is gorgeous and epic.	5
Best superhero movie of the year hands down. All others bow down to the Mighty God of Thunder!	5
Fucking Amazing Watch it twice	5
A great change in tone for the series. One of the best offerings so far.	4
Easily the best Thor movie ever, and would be among my top 3 MCU films. Great to see Taika adding his touch to such a blockbuster. Action & humour blended seamlessly, and good character development. Definite winner.	4
Went to see with an early release crowd on my navy air station and had a blast. It was funnier than previous Marvel releases and enough plot to keep you thinking. Great of Disney/Marvel to offer to military the week prior and every seat was taken with happy servicemen and families.	4
Best Thor movie yet!	4
Very funny, incredible!	5
YAWNAnother generic marvel movieGood comedy But same boring formula	3
i saw this movie , its a big piece of trash 96% tomatometer ? why lrotten tomatoes lies ??? please stop lying .thor loose one eye.	0
With good humour and fun action set pieces it's a solid edition into the MCU.	4
They spoiled everything in da trailer	0
Cate Blanchett, an actress so wonderful to be so misused	4
An unpretentious film (in the sense of not wanting to be bigger than it really is), extremely entertaining and with good action scenes, besides being my favorite comic book character from childhood. Highly recommend!	5
Mi opinión personal es que está cargada de mucho humor innecesario y que si tuviera la seriedad que debería tener fuera una película muy buena	3
It's a good movie, although sometimes it feels slow, specially at the beginning. The jokes feel forced several times, but it's the kind of movies, that you will enjoy more theaters, than at home.	4
Too much humor. This movie is a parody of itself. Nothing matters here. Not even Thor, that is supposed to be the protagonist. STOP MARVEL DISNEY.	0
Thor: Ragnarok is the most enjoyable super hero movie.	5
THE BOLDEST MCU'S MOVIE OF ALL TIME.	5
There was a good storyline there but it was wasted with all the carry on. Yes there were funny jokes but it wasn't clever funny, there was way too much of it (particularly at the start) and by the end I'd had more than enough.And somewhat ironically even though it was funny and would therefore be appealing to kids it was the least appropriate of the the Thor movies for kids as it was excessively violent. The machine guns from Texas were in particularly poor taste.If I'm honest I thought it was a bit stupid, but maybe that's what the mainstream Marvel audience want??	2
BEST MARVEL MOVIE EVER!	5
Marvel & Disney are on a roll. Really good story and some excellent funny lines. The franchise just keeps going from strength to Strength. Cameo appearance from Stan Lee, two tittle scenes ( on before the crawl and the other at the end). Wow .. this is really great. More please ...	4
Amazing , Funny and so much action !!!	4
Another brilliant addition to the Marvel cinematic Universe!	5
Bom divertimento de tarde. Nada memoravel. Muita comédia para um filme que não se classifica como tal. A marvel devia assumir logo que faz filmes de comédia e pronto. A cada piada desnecessária (e são várias) o especatador vai ficando mais cansando e a vilã vai perdendo a força.	3
It looks like one of the best movies yet and seeing all the comments of people rating it, i don't think old people should be rating new movies , it's not going to be always what they want and their comments just ruins our perspective and our desire in watching it. Let the rating be only for true Marvel Fans and geeks.	5
Certainly the most enjoyable Thor film, it brings together great chemistry between the main characters, further natural connections to the rest of the MCU, and fight scenes that do not disappoint!	5
Well dang this is Marvel's best.	5
5 STAR SUPERHERO FLIK, Y'ALL.	5
Best Marvel film yet, fantastic all round	5
very funny movie one of the best of marvel	5
Fun fun and looks amazing	5
Thor RAGNAROK is easily one of Marvel's best films yet, definitely the best Thor movie out of the three but the beginning of the film went a little slow and the ending went a little too fast, but this film was too good, I really don't worry about those things, the director did a really great job at finishing the franchise, comedic and Acton packed scenes and developing characters. Marvel has done it again.	5
MATT EFFING DAMON!! 9/10	5
Marvel's Game Of Thrones AM I Right hahaha	4
Good, funny and enjoyable movie.	4
Awesome movie I really enjoyed it.	3
Guardian of the Galaxy Thor version. This is so funny and so un-Thor style, but I like it.	4
Thor: RagnarokMarvel space adventure at its best, Thor: Ragnarok never stop to take a break from being captivating and amusing	4
Just saw it last night and it was great! The funniest of all the Thor, captain america, Ironman, avengers movies. (Up there with the first guardians of the galaxy movie.) I saw it in Spanish as I live in Spain. Some movies, especially comedies, don't translate well but this one was awesome. Can't wait to see it in its original version! Definitely worth seeing.	4
My Ten word movie review verdict: Taika takes the thundering Thor to terrific, thrilling tour-de-force...Thorsome!	3
This movie is worth every cent of my ticket! For me at least, it has surpassed the other 2 Thor films. Funny and not too gory. Hemsworth & Hiddleston's comedic timing are just perfect!	5
Yeah I can't wait to see this movie	0
Excellent film. I've seen it twice now and highly recommend it's blend of action an humour.	5
It's colourful, it's exciting and it's really funny. It was really great to watch and an entertaining movie.Cate Blanchett as Hela was fantastic - but won't be remembered well I feel. Jeff Goldblum was also really good and enjoyableSome negatives though I would say is the drastic change in tone from not only other Marvel movies (bar Guardians of the Galaxy) but also the other Thor movies - which took a more serious tone. Not every movie can be this comedy show (although I think it was a nice change) but should be a once off thing imo, especially since we are entering Infinity Wars and it should be more dramatic.Another negative is the fact that they completely threw away character development and lore from about 4 movies - I'm speaking especially for Loki who just 'turns good' and all his anger and hatred towards his brother etc seems to disappear in one scene - why build that arc up just to throw it away in the end?Overall it was a nice change and money well spent on the ticket.	3
Great fun had a real blast with it	3
Amazing adventure packed with action and humour. Pure entertainment with amazing visuals. Saw it last night and can't wait to see it again.	5
Great, the best Thor movie I've ever seen, I'll watch it again to enjoy it.	5
Marvels one of the best	5
Exciting and action packed with some really funny scenes! Thor Ragnarok is a must see adventure!	5
As it turns out, Ragnarok is an exciting and exhilarating ride. The A-List cast and impacably crafted visuals, are held together by solid screenwriting and witty humor. ˠThor: Ragnarok; is probably one of the best MCU movies to date.	5
Great, funny film. I'm not sure how much of this comedy I could take before I'm sick of it though. The new wacky setting was refreshing to see, but I'm not sure why they put so much build-up ad mystery around a part of the film that was advertised in the trailer and on the movie poster, as if it wasn't painfully obvious.	4
excellent funny and great characters	5
Good film but was expecting less comic relief although good in some parts it was over the top and unnecessary. It played down the seriousness that Asgard was being taken over by Hela. Hoping the next installment isn't comic centric.	3
A bold, colourful and funny new direction for the Marvel cinematic universe to go in but it works. And if you can find a more adrenaline pumping riff than Led Zeppelin?s ?Immigrant Song? I?ll eat my hat!!	5
An excellent addition to the MCU but wish it had more monsters as in the real events of Ragnarok. A great movie!	5
Love the unexpected jokes with cool action balance xD.	5
The thing about the Thor films is that they have always taken themselves seriously, too seriously. In Ragnarok they attempt to rectify this with comedy, but they have gone too far the other way. Instead of witty lines and comedic timing, the film is peppered with improv which makes it look as though it's trying too hard to be funny. That kind of stuff works in Guardians and Ant-Man. It is good fun, but doesn't live up to the hype. It reaches the par standard of Marvel films	3
I would place this in my top 5 Marvel movies along with: Guardians Of The Galaxy, Ant Man, Captain America: Winter Soldier and Captain America: Civil War. In my opinion it's not the best superhero movie that has ever been made, that distinction belongs to The Dark Knight, but this is definitely the most fun. I love the infusion of kiwi humor and I think Korg, voiced by Taika stole the show. In comparison to Guardians Of The Galaxy 2 which comes off as almost a straight comedy, this film remains serious, but adds comedy to eliminate cliche'd moments. I also like how Hela doesn't seem out of place, allot of the time with light hearted movies when you use a darker, sadistic villain they feel like they are operating in an entirely different film. A recent example would be how the villain in the Hitman's Bodyguard did not match the rest of that movie and yet here Hela works quite well.The pacing was brilliant and the story hit all of it's necessary beats so at no stage was I ever bored. I did not see the the deux ex machina ending coming and normally I think I would feel cheated. After all even though it was Thor's plan to bring about Ragnarok by raising Surtur, he didn't really save the day. The only reason why I am willing to accept the deux ex machina is because it left Thor worse off. Sure Hela is defeated but now the very thing he has been trying to prevent has happened because of him and thus his home has been destroyed. The only other time a deux ex machina did that to my knowledge was in District 9, though then it wasn't used to defeat the big bad. That said of course Indiana Jones used it when the ark was open in the climax of that film, but that was never his plan to have the ghosts kill everyone.	4
Masterclass in how to transform a boring, predictable and expensive sequel/franchise, and turn it into real art, serious entertainment, and humour.	5
It was flipping fantastic! In fact, I watched it twice this (opening) week and am still mesmerised by it ?? The cast really threw me over when they showed on screen that they rightfully owned their characters with their respective character development, and I could literally feel myself rooting for *ahem, ahem* Team Revengers and the rest of the cast ( except for Hela and Surtur like duh ??) . Taika Waititi has wonderfully refurbished what we have known about the Thor franchise and turned it into a really enjoyable ride in this one. I like how he's also added more comedy into this as well. Plus, most of the potholes are (kinda) filled up in this one so that's great as well. Anyway, it was fabulous and easily knocked out its previous contenders in the best Marvel movie category in the Marvel fandom( aka Winter Soldier and Civil War) . Mostly left the cinema hall as a satisfied person	4
Oh Dear, what have Marvel done? Slapstick and Fifth Element sets, ham acting and scenes set up just to deliver smart-arse one-liners. Thor is (in this comic universe) the God of Thunder not a second rate stand up artist: this was a spoof of Thor.Reducing Thor to a wisecrackong buffoon undermines the epic/heroic nature of who he is and where he comes from; a universe that has its own rules. The comedy we've previouisly seen comes primarily from the somewhat pompous sense of entitlement of a God amongst modern day mortals a subtle lampoon and dig at the so called priviledged sections of our society. But the humour has been dramatic releief; we as the observers see the comedic aspects of situations, the charaters do not and that's part of the fun! Sadly in my view, this film misses the import of Thor and focusses instead on cheap laughs and fun. Waititi has handed DC a real chance to make up the gap. Oh, and Hela was the daughter of Loki not Odin.	1
I'm open to change I really am and there has been examples of it in the mcu good and bad.Its was the fact it was two big weighty story that were mushed together for no reason, given no 0% actually seriousness even from the tone set in ultron there was three of us in the cinema 2 new the stories all 3 without conferring thought it was so poor ?? it was just a gag real nothing more.	1
Being the 17th instalment into the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), and the third in the solo-Thor series-generally the least liked within the MCU-it wouldn't be surprising if this cosmic adventure showed signs of repetition and fatigue. It doesn't, not one bit. The opposite is true in fact, thanks to the unique energy and ingenuity brought from New Zealand director Taika Waititi (Hunt for the Wilderpeople, What We Do in the Shadows). Waititi's comedy background is noticeably in full swing, the previously darker Thor outings traded in for a laugh-heavy vibe closer to Guardians of the Galaxy - the movie Ragnarok shares top spot with, as the MCU's funniest film. A throwaway gag about scissors from a side character made of rock (mo-capped and viced by the director himself) is pure Waititi, and the franchise's best one-liner since Chris Pratt's Starlord appreciated the artwork of Jackson Pollock. Of course a big budget means big action, and there's plenty here to thrill and delight: a tone-setting smack down of a fiery underworld demigod, a bruising gladiatorial contest between Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), an exhilarating spaceship chase, and the breathtakingly electric finale. This threequel is visually distinct too, Waititi opting for a grungy-disco 80s atmosphere over the more theatrical opulence of the first two Thor flicks. His use of slow-mo, backed to Led Zeppelin's 'Immigrant Song', for two key moments, is simply brilliant. Supporting Hemsworth, who has never been better as the macho God of Thunder, is Tom Hiddleston as fan favourite bad-good guy Loki, Cate Blanchett as the sneering God of Death Hela, Tessa Thompson as the cocky warrior Valkyrie and Jeff Goldblum as the eccentric Grandmaster, plus a raft of awesome cameos. A few minor nit picks: Idris Elba seems bored as the returning Heimdall, two previous major supporting characters (both females) are conspicuously absent, a talking Hulk doesn't quite work, and the narrative-retcon work could've been more subtle. But when a movie is this damn entertaining, a few quibbles are easily forgiven. Comfortably taking its place in the top echelon of MCU films, Thor: Ragnarok is hilarious, invigorating and popcorn-blockbustering of the highest order.	4
One of the most entertaining entries in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.	4
Pretty good but sacrifices a bit of authenticity for the gags.	3
9/10 best Thor movie. By favorite superhero movie of 2017.	4
9/10 very funny and entertaining	4
Best Marvel movie so far!! Still Hela not convinced me as real bad villain thats only bad thing to say about this movie	4
Less epic more humor, God of thunder right	3
brilliant movie it was very funny	4
A brilliant film. The best marvel movie by far. I especially liked Korg he was really funny.	4
Excelent!!!, At first I thought that it was too much comedy, but at the end, I think it worked perfectly.	5
"We come from the land of the ice and snow,From the midnight sun, where the hot springs flow, The hammer of the gods, W'ell drive our ships to new lands, To fight the horde, and sing and cry, Valhalla, I am coming!" Sitting in the theater watching it thinking to myself at one point.... this is like that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles in Space story line playing before my eyes.... then at one point it was THIS IS THAT TMNT IN SPACE STORY LINE! Doesn't matter cause this was so good across the board!Thor (Chris Hemsworth)is still searching for his father and the Infinity Stones, where upon his return to Asgard he discovers that his brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston) is still alive from the previous film. They team up to find their father Odin (Anthony Hopkins) Ruler of Asguard, but upon finding him an evil threat comes IN to play, Hela Goddess of Death (Cate Blanchett) swiftly taking out Thor and Loki she begins an evil rain and threatens to destroy Asguard. Meanwhile Thor ends up on foreign planet ruled by The Grandmaster (Jeff Goldblum) and is forced to compete in a Battle to the death Gladiator match for his freedom with his champion...which just happens to be the Hulk AKA Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo). Such a dark story line but is out shadowed by the comedy in this film which can be a shame but it is done in a way where you enjoy it to much to care. Has you laughing from start to finish. Cast is fantastic! The Director Taika Waitti, does the voice of this rock being character Krog and hearing a New Zealand accent come out of this guy is really funny and in a way such miss match that it works so well! I don't mean cause he is New Zealand, I mean his voice sounds and characteristics don't match what you think would be an aggressive being he is the complete opposite. Jeff Goldblum. I love Jeff Goldblum! Everything he does is so quirky and witted that you just can't help but smile at what he does. He plays an egotistic psychopath but at the same time has no idea at all. which probably wouldn't work for anyone else but he does it well. The Music is like The Terminator movies. Got this real early 80's vibe to it which I love. and yes Led Zeplins Imigrident Song is in there and when it comes your not expecting it! Awesome. Now you wouldn't see this without seeing the other two first hand to get an idea for the characters, and you probably need to have seen all the others to know exactly what is going on. Otherwise why are you there?4/5 From me. NO Infinity War Stuff which really starting to piss me off now. But you get an awesome film out it! GO AND SEE!!	4
Esteve no cinema sem grande hiper e me surpreedeu muito adorei melhor filme de 2017 muito bom...etc...!	0
Thor: Ragnarok - Review (2017)The GoodChris Hemsworth's Performance as Thor - Chris Hemsworth has been hiding some wonderfully honed comedy chops under that Asgardian beard secretly. He was already leaning into a comedic role in his Avengers appearances (mostly because of the culture clash element of his story) and he's taken fully off the leash here to brilliant effect.His timing - from the very first scene - is precise and can be devastatingly effective, and he's obviously benefited massively from working with Waititi. It's not an entirely frivolous comedy performance either, though, as Thor goes on a well-defined evolutionary arc - similar to a war-time rebel leader, basically - as we finally get an answer to what it means to be worthy. And none of the laughs distract from that.Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner / Hulk is brilliant too, Tom Hiddleston as Loki is his usual self (with a little more fun thrown in), Cate Blanchett as Hela is an irresistible marvel and Taika Waititi as Korg is a scene-stealer. And of course, Jeff Goldblum as The Grandmaster is on great form, as you'd expect. Tessa Thompson is amazing as ValkyrieThe Visual Effects and the Sound are amazing - Thor: Ragnarok is stunningly stylish. It is both futuristic and nostalgic, taking in elements of Star Wars, classic Star Trek, Blade Runner and John Carter Of Mars.It's colourful even beyond the usual MCU palette, with delightfully weird costume and set designs that should earn it lots of awards attention for the art department and it swaggers with a charm not usually seen in high-concept sci-fi (which is what it flirts with being a lot of the time).The references to Jack Kirby are so well-phrased that the film feels almost like a living tribute to his work.As I said before Taika Waititi's Korg is FantasticWhile is has nods to other MCU Movies this is a Stand Alone Thor Film that focus on him and the MCU universe later.The Hulk/Banner ConflictThere Are Some Surprises (And It Doesn't Take The Easiest Roads)Cate Blanchett's Hela Is Not Another Throw-Away Villain - She's a Fucking scary badass viallin.Idris Elba is good as Heimdall like he always is Anothiny Hopkins as Odin is good tooDoctor Strange's Great small cameoIts the Funniest Marvel film to date with Taika's fantastic humorThe Amazing Score from Mark MothersbaughGreat Action So many great easter eggs and nods to The Avengers and Age of Ultron and to Taika's other film What We do in the Shadows.The Cameos are fucking insane.The BadThe Warriors Three are wasted which they never been such focus in past 2 Thor Films but they havent been wasted before like this Karb Urban as Skurge - He isn't bad hes actually entertaining, he just doesn't do much Surtur is alright, Hela was a better villainOverall: Taika has finally delivered us a Fantastic Thor film which is one of the best and funniest films of the year.Overall Grade: A	4
A few questionable choices with regards to characters cannot spoil the sheer thunderous fun of this adventure romp that makes you laugh while keeping you on the edge of your seat. As good as the first GOTG movie.	4
Best Thor movie..lots of action and so so funny ??	5
have watched it for twice already w	4
what fun! and this time, we get to know the real hulk/banner and thor.	5
Such an entertaining movie!	5
Great story, good action, no boring, funny. Best Thor out of them as I feel. But they changed the original storyline of Hela, too bad..	5
An alien-filled, spaceship fuelled blast of pure fun. Witty, enjoyable and highly entertaining; Waititi adds a fresh, quirky late 90's spin to this instillation in the MCU, and the cast delivers scathingly amusing one-liners in between saving the world (again).	4
From start to finish, this was an incredible.feast of fun. Personally one of the best Marvel movies which sets the standard for Black Panther and Avengers: Infinity War	5
Best Thor Movie. It's the kind of movie that will make you smile even after the credits roll.	5
Another amazing movie by Marvel Studios, great comedy throughout the film, alongside spectacular action scenes, with high stakes	5
It was awesome i really hope that the critics will motivate Marvel Studios to product WORLD WAR HULK!!!	5
Amazing fun and such a refreshment into the MCU.	4
Funniest Marvel movie ever with amazing action scenes you can actually follow and my favourite character? Korg voices by the impressive director Taika Waititi!	5
Best Marvel movie in ages!	5
plenty good fun, an epic reimagined, and made legendary	4
As a fan of both Marvel Studios and the superhero genre in general, this was... difficult to sit through.To say nothing of the comics of which this film takes its inspiration, Planet Hulk and Thor Disassembled, which are 'loose' adaptations to the Nth degree. Fair enough, to expect a pitch-perfect adaptation of both would be ridiculous. So, let's take the film for what it is. The time has come for Ragnarok, the death of Asgard and the Norse Gods. Now you'd think this would be a dark, somber tale. I mean, this is a literal 'God' facing a predestined fate, in which he, his home and his people are slated to die. Pretty heavy stuff... How strange it is then that this film leans heavily on its humor. Sometimes, uncomfortably so. This supposed to be the end of it all for Thor and his kin, yet even after some pretty significant deaths, Thor's still cracking wise and making one-liners like its nothing. (These were people he's known his whole life, right?)Then, after the first third, the film immediately shifts gears both tonally and thematically, as we find ourselves in a sci-fi meets fantasy setting. Which while visually impressive, plays out like a skit in which every actor besides the extra's is doing their best to ad-lib every line. This is especially jarring considering, plot-wise, we've gone from a crippling defeat and loss for our hero to a comedy night with space gladiators. (None of whom we actually see fight. Or develop a connection too. yet we're supposed to root for the heroes to free these guys.) There are times when Chris Hemsworth will just be standing there with a distant expression whilst a space alien or a co-star tells jokes.Bad humor aside, allot of these actors feel like they don't want to be here. Idris Elba and Kate Blanchett's performances seem especially phoned-in, Jeff Goldblum is playing himself... in space, and Mark Ruffalo, Tom Hiddleston, and Chris Hemsworth, while amusing, feel as though they're waiting to get back to the drama. This isn't their fault, of course, they just don't have any snappy material to work off of. (Although, as per usual, Loki is reserved the best lines.)When the script allows, the action is top-notch and is easily the saving grace of this movie, but its bogged down by too much humor and the actor's failure to deliver any weight to their lines. Whether this is actually a writing problem or a directing issue is up for debate, though given the performances we're shown, I'd lean toward the latter. Not only does this not feel like the end of Thor and Pals, the characters themselves don't act like its do-or-die time, which in a movie titled 'Ragnarok' is a pretty big problem. They know there's another movie after this and they behave accordingly. I should also mention that this film features one of the most amusing, yet oddly forgettable cameos in a Marvel movie to date (not Stan Lee, just so we're clear). Some might say that Guardians of the Galaxy had a large effect on this movie, visually that makes sense, only natural that the rest of space should have that eighties inspired feel. But should that then mean that it has to try so~ damned hard to capture its humorous tone? For the story we're given, it works against any real sense of drama and anticipation, purely for the sake of being funny. Don't get me wrong, I love Guardians of the Galaxy 1&2, but both of those found that sweet balance between humor and 'serious-time'. This movie tries to match this, as well as juggling fantasy and sci-fi elements, and two major fan favorite stories. Leaving us with a watered down version of both, that seems confused about what it wants to be. (An end of days fantasy drama, with a completely different sci-fi comedy crammed in the middle.)Most critics will tell you if you liked the others, you'll like this. Well, I did like a lot of the others... but I did not like this.	0
She didn?t dump me, I dumped her. It was mutual dumping	3
Awesome movie, can't wait to see Infinity War!	5
Best Thor and better than any of the avengers. Only IM3 beats it	4
If you liked the previous Thor films, this is VERY different.	3
Very sad to see how they did Planet Hulk and Hulks very interesting story being pushed as comic relief. I personally loved the comics of World War Hulk and his path back to earth. But seeing how MCU is now DISNEY on steroids trying to please little kids I for one will stop spending my money to sponsor this wanna be comic movie. MONEY GRAB!!!	0
The first trailer spoils something the movie spends a lot of time building to - but that's a problem with the trailer, not the movie. I tried to look at it as though I hadn't seen the trailer, and that element actually works really well. Thor: Ragnarok is much funnier than any other MCU movie bar the Guardians ones, and I think it has more laughs per minute than even those - though the style of humour is a bit different. Taika Waititi has made a seemingly effortless transition to gargantuan Hollywood blockbusters, and this one is brilliantly successful as both a part of the MCU and a Taika Waititi film - his fingerprints are all over it.Hemsworth, Hiddleston, Hopkins and Elba are as good as ever. Hela is a typically 2D Marvel villain, and she mostly seems to just repeat the same few phrases over and over again, but The Chett makes her fun and watchable. Goldblum is at his Goldblumiest, and if you like his Goldbluminess, you'll have a blast. Thompson is amazing as Valkyrie, funny, tough and kickass. Waititi is in it a lot more than I was expecting, and he's great. Karl Urban makes a cool pseudo-Cockney goon. Rachel House is good fun. And there are one or two unexpected and super fun cameos in there too (apart from the obligatory Stan Lee appearance).The movie has a very '80s vibe, enhanced by Mark Mothersbaugh's oustanding orchestral-synth score. It's full of vibrant colours (though with a different pallette to Guardians), weird aliens, and some beautiful images that manage to look very comic-booky without looking like they're trying to look comic-booky. If that makes sense.My favourite standalone MCU movie thus far is Captain America: The Winter Soldier, partly because of the feeling of realism it brings to proceedings. Thor: Ragnarok is completely different. It's not realistic at all. It's pure comedic fantasy, full of magic and far-fetched sci-fi stuff. And I like it almost as much. It's just an absolute hoot of a movie, silly escapism of the highest order.Go, Revengers!	5
Fresh, funny, emotive AND full Action	5
It's good. Not amazing, just good.	4
demasiado humor absurdo	0
can honestly say that this was great really funny and its the first Thor film that they have really given Thor something too do cate looks like she is having a blast	5
Best Marvel movie I've ever seen. Very entertaining, good script, storyline...it was simply, fun to watch! I expected just another bland CGI festival with no real content but this had so much (smart) humor in it. If you liked previous Marvel movies, you will love this one.	5
Thor: Ragnarok is by far the best Thor film in the MCU to date. The 80s vibe complements the great performances. However, if there is one person who shines the most, its Jeff Goldblum effectively playing himself.	4
Amazing, Funny and great plot! Ragnorok really shows that marvel is at best with these types of movies.	4
Personally I loved the movie. It's pretty much perfect for non mcu fans who just like to see the movie, but for people like me,who are massive fans, were quite disappointed at the lack of an infinity stone, which was promised. Good movie but no stone.	4
Thor: Ragnarok tries way too hard to be funny and falls massively short on previous entries MCU, easily the worst comic book film of this year	2
More like 'Deadpool 2' than a continuation of the existing Thor Franchise. A good movie in the end, but it took me half of it to adjust to the new story 'style'.	4
Like almost everyone else who has seen it, I think 'Thor: Ragnarok' is a damn fun two hours at the movies but I'm gonna have to disagree with everyone calling it the best Thor movie by a mile. I'm part of the rare breed that really loved the original Thor film back in 2011 and I personally think that it still holds the crown for best movie about the God of Thunder.Ragnarok is often really funny but with that humor it sacrifices a lot of oomph. The deaths of certain characters are handled so quickly that we end up feeling nothing at all and the film's climax never really feels all that treacherous even though the fate of universe seems to be at stake.The first 30 minutes or so in particular are shockingly rough and I found myself bracing to really dislike the movie and its misfired jokes, but luckily things get back on track as the movie progresses and ends up being a solid romp with good action scenes and lovable characters. I'd like to start petitioning for a spinoff film about Korg (Taika Waititi) immediately though. He stole the whole movie for me.	3
Best Marvel movie yet	5
realmente una película disparatada en la cuan ni el protagonista sabe bien que hacer, es un cambio auto paródico tanto de Thor, Hulk y Lokiuna especie de ggvol3 donde no terminan de encajar bien los personajes si recordamos sus películas anteriores	2
Funny, exciting, interesting and some fun cameos. At times a little predictable but doesn't ruin it.	5
I did not enjoy the dialogue	1
4.5 This is easily the most fun I've had watching a MCU film for some time. It had the high fantasy aspects of previous films and the irreverent cosmic MCU from GotG. It brought the humour and emotional, hitting both targets better than GotG2.	4
For me, I really enjoy this movie, they never reveal it as a dark and serious movie in the trailer so I don't expect it to be oneBut as a fun movie, they totally went out and this is one of a few movie that I really enjoyIt still has some issue thou with the pacing and twist in the lore which I'm not really fond of but hey, they still manage to made me laugh and have fun, that's awesome4.5/5 from meNow to justice league and black panther	4
Loved every second!!! Really lived up to the hype! Marvel has done it again with a knockout movie!! I would say Thor Ragnarok is the best movie in the MCU to date and will always be in my top five favourite? Marvel films!!! A must see for all Marvel fans!!	5
I just watched my movie of the year. If you think John Wick 2 and Guardian of Galaxy 2 were good, this is an easy win hands down.	5
It's by far the best Movie I've seen	5
Fun but predictable.	3
Funny and amazing, overall one of the best marvel movie	4
Con la decisión de llevar al Dios del trueno a la estética colorinche y el frenesí humoristico de James Gunn en Guardians of the galaxy han sucedido cosas buenas y cosas malas en Thor:Ragnarok: ¿Las buenas? Ésta invitación a ampliar las posibilidades de Thor Odinson a aventuras espaciales, conocer a Hulk en un entorno donde no nos preocupa que aplaste todo y que Loki tenga un digno desarrollo como personaje de acción (siendo uno de los personajes mas redundantes del MCEU después de Nick Fury). Pero las malas están y no se olvidan con la brillantina ni el buen CGI; Uno de los vengadores anda dando tumbos por el universo con tanta mala suerte que consigue ese corte de pelo que vemos en el cartel mas o menos al mismo tiempo que la narrativa de la pelicula pierde toda gravidez y se convierte en la version interdimensional de "Rush Hour". Taika Waititi tiene incluso un gran aporte al hilarante descanso comico, Dr Strange no aporta ni humo y Valkiria por el momento solo se siente como un personaje excelente sobreviviendo al plothole mas cruel del que tenga memoria. Ahora, si, todo esto puede entretener y festejarse a los gritos, por que no mintieron al decir que sería divertido. Pero amigos ¡Hagan actuar a Mark Ruffalo!	3
The Best of the Thor films yet...absolute fun!!!	4
My favourite MCU film so far! It's an action packed thrill ride, full of one liners and great characters. Chris Hemsworth has finally found his place as The God of Thunder and Tessa Thompson and Jeff Goldblum shine. Definitely peak MCU	5
Wait what were the other Thor movies about again? Thor Ragnorok, much in the same way as the first Guardians addition, manages to showcase everything that's right and everything that's wrong with the MCU. Quite distinct in tone, flair and narrative style from other entries, Taika Waititi's entry into the franchise is self-contained, satirical and above all independently entertaining. Arguably the most maligned of MCU's tentpole film's, the Thor film's have suffered from bland writing, an enforced standardised tone and mostly a lack of imagination and wonder. They often seemed filler or 2 hour build ups for other MCU outings. This has been specifically inverted in many ways by Waititi in Ragnorok. Managing to be more self-contained than either Guardians or Spiderman but still have the in-joke gloss of the MCU, viewers really feel that Ragnorok is not just a spin-off or lead-up installment but it's own independent narrative. The characters aren't shoehorned in but seem to have a real history and sense of their own mythos. Of all the beneficiaries of this addition, The titular Thor seems to be the most rewarded as Chris Hemsworth thrives in another breakout performance, proving that this character and trilogy is not just a one-note franchise.	4
To Infinity War we go...	5
Very very very bad movie...EW	0
Best Marvel film yet! :D	5
While it was an enjoyable film to watch, it definitely had issues with pacing as well as character development. The final plot twist had little to no set up, and the concept of "Ragnarok" was never properly explained. It felt as though the film had been over-ambitious with the amount of characters it took on, leading many character arcs to be unfulfilled. However, it was still comedic and action-packed. It is 100% rewatchable.	3
An excellent film, fun throughout with a great cast - its more of a comedy than a drama but it rattles along at a cracking pace. Not the best marvel film but a very very good one.	5
The best Thor movie so far! So many fun moments and Cate Blanchett is just perfect!	5
Really enjoyed the film!! Was laughing from start to finish! A fantastic addition to the Marvel franchise! Cate Blanchett was a fantastic villain!! Although, if I had to be a little critical, I wish we could've seen more of Hela's wrath against Asgard and a little explanation of how Hulk ended up in Sakaar but above all, a the best Thor film.	4
Absolutely classic, probably my favorite from all the Avengers. Funny right from the get-go all the way through. So well put together. Waititi's touch totally shows through and absolutely made this movie a cant miss and must watch again ASAP!	5
Tries too hard to be funny. Set and weapons props look plastic and cheap ex. Grandmaster's staff. Editing is sub par ex. When characters get pierced with blades the shot cuts from the sword thrower to the character already impaled, which looks awfully cheap. Even the animation during the credits look under developed, coupled with boring music.	1
One of the best movies I have seen. Mighty performances. Incredible Action. Fantastic Humour. Amazing Pacing and an Uncanny Soundtrack. Marvel at their Very Best.	5
Here Marvel doesn't just give another good quality entry in their movie showcase but a entertaining spectacle everyone should enjoy. Every performance is amazing in its own way, with Taika Waititi making full use of his strong cast, whether it be Chris Hemsworth's charm and humour, Cate Blanchett's indulgent villainy or the perfectly placed Jeff Goldblum. The visuals are strong and the story moves along at an even pace with fun action and a hilarious script. The film does a great job of covering a lot of story, answering a lot of the questions we need before infinity war, while giving Thor a great story arc with enough room for all the other new characters.	4
A Thor third movies it's different between thor previous movies. It following the Avengers : Age of ultron but it 2 years later. It's colorful and funny. And i like the soundtrack too Aaaaaa... Aah. Marvel (unsuprisingly) did a good job at this Thor movies.	4
I would understand the appeal of a comedic superhero action movie, but this movie lacked the depth and seriousness that I liked in an action movie. There was not enough drama to make me feel an impact. It was simply a feel good movie with a script bathed in jokes.	2
An eclectic story without a tangible direction, which has jokes that are funny, but also a plethora that are unfunny. If the movies aim wasn't to overload the fans with explosions and CGI, this would get a 50% on rotten tomatoes. Bad writing but good action. light to decent 4	2
amazing!!!!! I am so want to see!!!	5
A Total masterpiece , it is fun and beautiful for all the fans that have been waiting for this movie.	4
Superhero-fantasy-action-comedy. Lots of Easter eggs from past movies! Watchout for cameos. Stay for mid-credits #ThorRagnarok (3.5/5Scales)	3
Well played Taika Waititi... well played. I was unsure how his clever brand of humour would translate in a superhero movie... However I needed not worry. This movie is awesome and your life will be improved by having watched it. Zac Snyder should study this movie carefully before considering sitting in the director's seat again.Simply put... if you didn't enjoy this movie, you're wrong.	5
the best Marvel movie so far...	5
Thor Ragnarok (Movie Review)."This Is A Spoiler-Free Review"....This is probably the funniest and most over-the-top MCU film YET! It was really a fun experience watching this marvelous movie in 3D....The director took risks in making this film, he knew that even though this MCU movie was like a comedy, he knew that people were really going to LOVE it and just laugh their ass off, because this third installment of the "Thor" movies was the best of them...Why? It has everything that you want to see in these characters, especially Hulk...I won't spoil anything, but My Goodness! My friends and I really enjoyed it...When it came to that "Arena Scene"...Hehehe! Okay Imma Shut up Now! :D.The Ending! Oh Boy The Ending, It was spectacular in 3D...Top Notch! I was hyped when I saw that "Thor Will Return In AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR" in the post credits scene.As promised, I won't be anymore analytical or have an in-depth review with this movie...Because this film was made to be just for "FUN", and I completely understand and respect that. .Therefore, I'm going to rate Thor Ragnarok a "9 out of 10" :	4
Easily the funniest Marvel movie to date. Fully enjoyed it, I highly recommend it.	5
just saw Thor Ragnarok on Imax 3D.	4
Taken Guardians of the Galaxy to the next level with the 80's theme. Some great characters, hilarious all of the way through, quite possibly the best Marvel film to date....	5
Great movie, the best of the bunch, not so sure. Definately the most comic book of all of the Marvel movies and definately better than Spiderman Homecoming.	0
THOR RAGNAROK is the third movie in Marvel's Thor franchise. And a brand new entry to Marvel Cinematic Universe. A reminder that Marvel movies are fun, colorful and full of humor. Entering the movie fresh is the best way to enjoy every movie. And that's what I did with Thor Ragnarok. I remember seeing its trailer months ago, didn't like it. I thought it was trashy and dull. A lot of people are complaining about Ragnarok, even before it came out. Or before it comes out in some other countries. Why? Because the first two Thor movies are two of Marvel's weakest produced comic-book movies (though I enjoyed the first one). And now, audiences are surprised after seeing outstanding positive first reactions about the movie.I had a hell of a good time with this movie. I didn't think it was gonna be entertaining than I expected. A lot of people are comparing it to Guardians of the Galaxy but if you like Taiki Waititi's humor, you gonna like this movie. And that's what we get after seeing Ragnarok. I found myself laughing so hard the entire time. I don't wanna spoil away the story, but it is probably one of the most original Marvel movies you will ever see. One of the things I like about the movie is that, it doesn't feel like a comic-book movie. I feels like a comedy sci fi movie flick (though superhero movies are considered as sci-fi movies) but it fits to MCU. I found myself asking myself, 'What am I seeing? Did I just watch a Thor movie?''Every single performance in this movie is entertaining, start off with Chris Hemsworth's Thor, who's become more comfortable with the role, and gives hilarious and effective performance. Tom Hiddleston's Loki is also amazing, as well as Mark Ruffalo's Hulk. Plus The Grandmaster, Jeff Goldblum, Goddess of Death, Cate Blanchett's Hela and the movie's show stopper Tessa Thompson's work. She is fantastic as Valkyrie. I enjoy every scene she's in, she is stunning and kicks ass. I look forward to see her in Marvel movies moving forward.The visual effects are beautiful as well as the usage of color. There is a ton of colors in every scene. The visual style is spectacular. I personally have issues with the writing style of previous Marvel movies. But they were able to find ways to make the jokes makes sense in Ragnarok without sacrificing the emotional heft of the movie, and the result is ridiculously funny. It's unlike anything Marvel has yet produced. I can't imagine how Taiki pulled off the humor this movie contains while sustaining his personality as a filmmaker. And....... The score of the movie is so good. It captures the weirdness and hilariousness of the movie. The best movie score in any Marvel movie.Thor Ragnarok is Joyous, hilarious and thrilling addition to MCU that contains some of the funniest movie sequences you will ever see in any Marvel movieI laughed from beginning to end. My god, I can't stop talking about my enjoyment with the movie. Because that's what Thor Ragnarok is about. If you're looking for a serious, quite comic-book movie, Ragnarok isn't for you. If you wanna have a great time at the movies, go and see it. Thor Ragnarok is one of the best times I've had in movie theaters. I can wait to experience it again.	4
This was a great movie. I don't know why people are giving it hate. Taika's work was on point and the main cast were too. Cate Blanchat's 'Hela' was new menacing threat. Chris Hemsworth was brilliant as always. Korg was a new comedic character. Tom Hiddleston is just .. Awesome. 10/10 for sure	5
A lot of fun! Exciting, great visuals, plenty of humour, awesome soundtrack. Stay to the very end of the credits.	5
This third episode of the adventures of Thor is quite a departure in terms of tone and visual artistry from the previous episodes. Extremely colorful and filled with jokes, the film is aiming more towards a Guardian of the Galaxy type of vibe rather than the more dramatic approach of the previous films. Personally what really won me with this film is the colorful visual feast, the CGI is incredibly 'kitch' in the best way possible, with pop colors and a great cinematography in my opinion. Take Waititi was never going to make a somber piece (have you seen his previous films? They are all hilarious), but opts for the tongue in cheeks jokes at every turn and to be honest it feels good to step away from these dark universes that end up being so dramatic and heavy, you feel trapped in your theater seat and lose interest. This one will probably not appeal to every one in the audience and i already hear a lot of complaints but guys relax and chill, its a superhero movie based on a comic book, the material is meant to be fun and somehow Waititi is excelling in that way, delivering a heck of a giant joke with a soundtrack straight from the 80's blasting rock n roll music, making this film one of the most entertaining and fascinating to watch this season. This is definitely one of the most relax and goofy superhero film to date. Great job guys.	3
Thor ragnarok hace que me pregunte porque sigo viendo las películas de marvel	0
Visually and colourfully aesthetic, nostalgic synth soundtrack and a FUN movie!	5
BEST MARVEL MOVIE EVER	5
Never have seen a Thor movie this good	5
Wow this movie was amazing it got in with comedy and action it?s great because it?s s new wave of marvel movies like that now (less serious)but still is, it is a great movie must see.	5
Sinceramente posso dizer que é o filme que mais curti da Marvel... e isso não é pouca coisa. Entretenimento total sem desrespeitar os personagens.	5
An absolute mess/mash-up of a film, with zero original ideas but enough charm to pull you along. However, I defy anyone remembering even 2% of it, 10 minutes after the retro credits start rolling.	2
Well ... The rumors are true. It is indeed a good film. Funny ... Hulk is amazing and cracking one joke after the other one ... Loki and Thor are not far behind, Cate Blanchett is almost 50 but still hot and looking good in black (so does Loki actually) Karl Urban looked almost unrecognisable and the Valkyrie hmmm hmmm hmmm :)	4
Good cast, good soundtrack, good animation, good colors, good everything. I like a lot. I could see it an hundred times and never get tired.	5
It's funny. But it takes to long for you to get involved.Kind of disappointed.	3
Thor : Ragnarok a totalement tué le MCU. Pendant 30 minutes, le film est extrêmement drôle, quelque peu irrévérencieux et l'action y est sympathique. Et puis, il faut relier les films entre eux et Ragnarok devient un Marvel commun, avec ses blagues à chaque scène (qui détruisent tout enjeu dramatique), son déluge de CGI de plus en plus dégueulasses et sa dose de pop-culture. Ragnarok a de bonnes idées noyées sous un cahier des charges de plus en plus voyant, qui gâche presque tout, jusqu'au combat final totalement soporifique. C'est d'autant plus dommage que le potentiel du film est infini, étant un Valérian avec du talent. On notera cependant que Karl Urban et Tessa Thompson ont un avenir certain dans la comédie, mais rien n'y fait, les films du MCU suivent une formule immuable qui va devenir vraiment problématique si elle continue autant à parasiter ses opus.	3
Awesome _ The Revengers	5
Honestly!! I dont know how this so called "Critics" praise this SuperHero comedy but Hates Batman & Robin!!! ....THIS is Not the Ragnarok of the Comics....This is the result of a corporation using iconic titles on comic books ... to transform them into a money-making machine ... based on eternal gags , a lot of stupid characters!!!....with too mucho CGI!!!.... argo: GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL.3 ..... .	1
So funny, doesn't take its self seriously, loved it.	4
Best MCU movie in the past couple years,this movie fantastic,funny,entertaining it was simply amazing.	5
Space fighter Viking humorist fighter who loves retro techno and led zeppelin.The director grabs this ridiculous concept and shoves it in your face laughing at you.10/10 would watch again.	5
If I wasn't with my family, I would have walked out in the first ten minutes. I found the humour cringe-worthy at best. I got the jokes, I just found the delivery was awful. It may have even been the editing that ruined the timing for me. Regardless, I felt the style of humour detracted from the action sequences.On the up side, my eleven year old daughter loved it. So it definitely has an audience. I also loved Thor's last fight sequence. He looked great (and finally serious).Maybe I was jaded because I'm from Australia and felt uncomfortable with all the overt Kiwi humour. I doubt it though, I love Kiwi humour, it just felt out of place.I'll probably never watch this again and I think it has killed the Thor franchise for me.	1
Another good movie in the Marvel franchise, with crossover worlds, great acting, and interesting action sequences. It also has hilariously quirky humor moments.However, I wasn't a big fan of the 80s vibe throughout, particularly music and humor.	4
Good but I was a little disappointed that hulk didn?t get to fight sultur and there were way to many jokes and hulk was disappointing	4
It is by far the best out of the Thor Franchise, while simultaneously works in an amazing continuity with the previous films. The growth of the different characters is completely obvious and the story doesn't try to ignore anything of what happened in the previous movies, which is great to see in a cinematic universe. the colour palette , the cinematography, and the action choreography looks very fresh, however some of the effects could have been done better, as marvel has done before, for an instance with the first avengers. As a movie, this movie works on it's own perfectly, but for comic book fans, maybe some would expect the grand master to be more menacing, but he is not. That is not the approach of the movie on that character, and you will not get anything else than whats in the trailers out of his personality. However, there are some really intense moments that the main characters experience and those moments give this movie a unique character ark, which as mentioned makes it work perfectly as the latest movie in a franchise that the characters have had a lot of history together. It's a big thumbs up.	4
Marvel has finally done it - a fantastic Thor movie. Much like other movies by Taika Waititi, the humour is fantastic - my audience had full-on laughter countless times in the film. All actors play their parts extremely well, the cinematography for a few shots is amazing and there are a lot of extra cameos to watch out for. It could be argued that the film has pacing issues at the start but if you're up-to-date with the Marvel universe you'll enjoy this fresh approach to the start of a film within the franchise.	4
''Taika Waititi has made a modern masterpiece'' -Joss Whedon	5
Thor Ragnarok, an incredibly entertaining, laugh out loud hilarious movie that is easily the best MCU entry since the first Guardians of the Galaxy. It's got problems, some of the villains aren't great, the action isn't great and at times some cinematography is a bit dull but this movie is an absolute blast. The actors all do great with Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Tessa Thompson and Tom Hiddleston all sharing an excellent chemistry and absolutely full of charisma. Taika Waititi does a fantastic job directing but also steals the show as rock monster Korg and along with Jeff Goldblum gives the silliest and funniest performances of the movie. Cats Blanchett does a good job at being a menacing yet campy villain. The comedy is spot on and rarely misses a beat. The gladiator fight is fantastic and is full of great character moments. The think I liked the most about this movie is that while it has it's call backs it feels rather stand alone and is definitely the most stylistic and different marvel movie. This feels so much like a comedic buddy movie which is what Waititi really excelled at. Again this film isn't perfect but I highly recommend it. Waititi did a fantastic job and made possibly the best comedy of the year. B+	4
Loved the experience. Never saw a Marvel movie that have happened so much thing in it. Fun, Dark, Death, Fight, loved it.	4
Best Marvel film yet.	5
a brilliant film with some very funny scenes, Thor Ragnarok is one of the best films of the year in my opinion funny and action packed, i'd recommend this film to anyone	5
This was the GotG movie we deserved this year. A fun joyride through and through with a couple of heartfelt moments sprinkled within.	5
This movie is awesome!!! i definitely recommend it i'm seeing again tomorrow.	5
Great fun and certainly entertaining. But I didn't take much away from this film. Even death lacked emotion and characters lacked depth and motivation.	3
Good fun and great dialogue but no Galaxy of the Guardians even though it's stolen it's mojo. An enjoyable few hours and Chris Hemsworth is simply adorable.	3
Marvel are on a roll	3
A Modern Masterpiece! Taika Waitit is the new James Gunn.	5
Waititi's master of comedy truly shines in this superbly funny and thrilling superhero movie, probably Marvel's best (and yes, I'm counting Logan or Civil War in the list). I didn't have this much fun while watching a movie for a long time.One of the best movies of this year.	4
The best super hero movie who can made me watch more than twice!	5
In 1 word, Disappointing. Disappointing acting. The humour is forced. The story is alright though the villain should have had more screen time. However the action is good and the artistic style is stylish. Also they over use the song Immigrant by Led Zepplin. Finally I hated the character of Korg. It's not a bad film, it's just disappointing. And in my books that means it's worse.	3
All fun but doesn't distrupt the action and the mythology of thor as a comic book character.	0
Best Marvel movie yet, great cast, funny all the way through and good storyline. Hope they make another. Loved it.	5
One of the best Marvel movies yet..certainly the best Thor movie by far.	4
Great superhero fun! A perfect blend of comedy and spectacle added with the presentation of Thor and his hammer i have ever seen. Taika successfully introduces some of the best female characters in the mcu with Hela being scene stealing. Hela was the standout in and out raising the steaks throughout the movie. Everyone is good in this movie. Even though i felt characters Skurge where predictable and Korg and his friend were a blatant rocket and groot rip off.	5
Achei o Filme razoável, foi gerado muita expectativa e o filme ficou no mesmo nível dos outros do Heroi!	2
Best Marvel movie yet. Its truly good, fine humor and outstanding cast.	5
A very enjoyable movie, as expected from a marvel film. But there's a bit too much jokes that it felt like dumb and dumber in some parts.	4
Ummm... I didn't really know what to expect, as the rating of 99% suggested that this would be the best superhero movie ever made. It really isn't. It was just ok for me. The action was pretty average, and nowhere near believable, the acting was ok, and yeah, the plot... It seemed slightly familiar, in that the hero was in power, then he wasn't, then he got help and saved the day... The script was quite well written and the CGI was excellent. The problem was that the film was definitely overrated, it was a recycled idea and most things were basic. Not at all a deep movie, and more a fun family adventure with very tame violence. Most certainly a shame, and I think the reason I prefer DC to Marvel now is that DC create deep and believable movies, and Marvel create fun family adventures that are one trick ponies. Sorry!	2
hands down best marvel movie ever, Loved every second in it !!! did not get bored while watching the entire movie !! Loved the characters development with thor	5
This is hard for me to say but.. I loved this film. Why hard? Because it's not like any of the superhero movies we've seen before. GOTG movies are funny because the heroes are screw ups (much like TV's Legends of Tomorrow) and that's where the humour comes from. This is a different beast. Thor is a God, people. Loki is a God. God shouldn;t be funny, right? The funny in the first Thor movie comes from him being in a situation that was funny. The humour in The Dark world, well... there was no humour in the Dark world, and the movie suffered for it (read this sentence for every DC superhero movie thus far). This movie, make no mistake, is hilarious. it out-guardians the guardians, if that makes sense. The humour wouldn;t have been as effective without being juxtaposed (good word, right? I looked it up) by the action. The extravagance of the gladiator arena is matched by the fight that everyone knows is coming and the humour of the conversation (yes, Hulk engages in conversation) afterwards. Fun exchanges between characters is what makes the film though. While Thor and Hulk are good together, they are surpassed by the exchanges between Thor and Loki which are mind blowingly funny. Make no mistake, this film is pure comedy. Cate Blanchett knows that Hela is merely a sideline to the main story.I haven't enjoyed myself at the cinema as much for a long, long time. Well worth the price of admission.If I had one slight criticism (and it is so nit pickingly slight I am almosta shamed to mention it) it is that if Bruce banner has 6 PhDs then why does he appear so dim in the film? I feel that he was underwritten for the film, but he responsible for one of the biggest laugh out loud moments of the film so I can almost forgive that.All in all, great entertainment. Infinity War now has a lot to live up to.I hope justice league is half as fun (though I would be happy with 25%, it IS DC after all)	5
Too many jokes to a point where it gets annoying.	2
I went to a screening with Thor:The Dark World right before Ragnarok and pretty much in the first 10 minutes I felt like I was watching a completely different type of movie. There was a huge difference in directing and the whole feel of the movie. Going further in the movie it became obvious that the movie had an arcade style theme.If this movie is viewed outside the bigger MCU, it's great, but I felt that the shift it style was too big to be done from the previous Thor movie to this one. Pretty much every kind of Marvel movie has its own theme, like Guardians of the Galaxy and Iron Man, but Marvel seems to be confused about what they want Thor to be like at the moment.Overall, good movie, but not amazing as some reviews suggest.	3
WOW !!! Was not expecting this film to be as good as it was... Luckily for me I live in the UK so got to see it today (24th October). Best film we (6 of us) have seen in a long time! Go see it as you will not be disappointed!!! Thor is banging !!!	5
great visuals, a decent but meh plot, lack emotional punch.	3
Mindbogglingly well-made. Waititi hits the mark.	5
Let me make it simple, its the best MCU film of 2017, the best Thor film, and one of the very best and most fun superhero film of all time. Ragnarok may be mostly fun, but it was never nonsense. Humor wasn't forced, pacing was smooth and fantastic, the characters were well executed and I loved the new additions, especially Valkyrie. Fight sequences felt short but was well-choreographed and awesome of course. Literally, like almost every second of the movie, every scenes of the movie were significant, the damn director did a pretty damn good job with that! Too bad its the end of the trilogy, could've wanted Taika Waititi to direct more Thor films.	5
There's always been humour in previous Thor films but perhaps emboldened by the success of Guardians of the Galaxy, of which its shadow looms large over this film, Marvel has wisely decided to push that boat right out under the offbeat comedic steerage of New Zealand director Taika Waititi and the result is spectacular. Bursting the pompous bubble of its predecessors and literally laying all that Shakespearean/dungeons & dragons stuff to waste, the new Thor loses his hammer, gets a Queer Eye makeover and brings out the wise-cracking hilarity in Marvel's first buddy comedy. Judging by the success rate of the meta and irreverent jokes and one-liners, they have hit it right out of the park, if not the galaxy. We know Chris Hemsworth can play with his him-bo image (if anyone has seen last summer's Ghostbuster reboot) but here he shows off his great comedic timing as a leading man. The straight-forward narrative is basically split between Asgard falling under Cate Blanchett's hissy-fit big bad sis, Hela, and Thor's escape from Sakaar, a planet under the not so benevolent rule of Jeff Goldblum's smarmy and camp Grandmaster. Intercutting between the two, we have cameos, expected and unexpected; and supporting characters, huge and small (and the less you know, the better they'll work) pairing up with Thor in deliciously delightful situations that make the 2hrs plus film flies by joyously until we reach the inevitably overblown Thor v Hela match-up that jolts you back shudderingly to a Marvel superhero movie ending. That and Loki's predictable character arc are perhaps my only gripes here, otherwise, this newly unshackled Thor do the opposite of going dark and rejuvenates itself in what must be its best instalment so far, and it might land as one of my favourites from the Marvel studio.	4
Easily the most fun (and funny) MCU film so far.	4
It's not great but it's definitely different. I'm quite relieved that after 14 times of using the same ripped-off formula, the franchise actually delivered something that has a decent script. Even though it still lacks in characters development, it's not a total waste of time.	3
what a great movie, loved every minute of it. :)	5
Oh my god, not another ridiculous immortal super hero movie!Not a bit of it...even as a near 50 gent I found this a cracking movie with humour written on many levels. In fact it contains probably the filthiest innuendo of any movie I've ever seen...why was I the only one in the cinema to spot it!?!Taiki and the cast have done an awesome job in bringing the comic book characters to life and injecting real humour; even the gods are fallible.Go see it and take your gran...	0
Thor: Ragnarok is filled with great chemistry among its cast. The balance of action and humor is great which makes it an interesting take on Thor's character. The love-hate relationship between Thor and Loki (played by the great Tom Hiddleston) is much more pronounced and developed here than the first two. The Best Thor film, no doubt, no question.	5
I'm kind of on the fence about Thor's new personality modification in this movie with him being comical at times. They're trying to show a different side to his character but I'm not sure if it works. I prefer the way Thor was portrayed in previous films, strong, short tempered, masculine...etc. The movie overall wasn't that bad, it wasn't that good, it had the potential to be more.	3
No se que le pasa a Marvel. El Ragnarok es tremendo acontecimiento para que lo acribillen de esta manera. Para serles sincero, pensé que la peor película de Marvel hasta el momento era guardianes de la Galaxia vol.2 pero Thor Ragnarok la supero. La complejidad de tan gran conflicto, les quedo grande a los productores, parece la versión estúpida de Thor. Siento que las películas de Marvel pasarán de increíble a estúpido.Ojala no se pifien con INFINITY WAR. En conclusión Thor Ragnarok, Cero recomendada. PD: Cate Blanchett lo mejor de pelicula, espectacular	0
It's the best movies from the series of Thor	5
I saw it last night! It was incredible vibrant, colorful, funny... so many jokes!! the script wasn't bad, actors did their jobs. It is a good movie! 9/10 for me as a superhero movie	0
Great moive, Great music, Great action. Wished there was more!	5
Another phenomenal Marvel film with great writing, stunning visuals and compelling characters.	5
Sometimes there are movies that can reinvent a character and make it even greater than it was before, adding magic without losing what made the character good in the first place. Thor: Ragnarok is one of those movies. It makes everything right, every artistic department is on point and everyone in the cast give great performances in the best versions of their characters yet. There is an artfulness in the entertainment and fun the movie provides. Don't miss it!	5
Hella stupid. The geeks beside us thought they were in a knee-slapping comedy. Cate Blanchett slinks around and chews the scenery like some kind of exotic space beetle. #GodOfCorny.	2
Thor: Ragnarok: Is an Epic, Enjoyable and hilarious movie! Loved it from start to finish. The laughs, the action and the dynamics between the characters all make it such an enjoyable movie.The movie really raises the bar. It had the entire cinema laughing and engaged. Hope everyone enjoys it as much as I have.	5
Yea! Verily! Indeed! Thor: Ragnarok is most worthy!!!	4
Taika Waititi is brilliant! Rather comedic and added to the snappy humour throughout the movie. Loved it!	5
Best of the three Thor movie. Clearly the humour is well balanced with the plot!	5
Fucking AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! MCU you did it again	5
Sit back enjoy the popcorn it is allot of fun!	5
es hermosa de principio a fin	0
The best Thor movie EVER...possibly the best Marvel movie!	5
Marvel has done it again!	4
It is not the best film of the UCM, but it has its thing, it fulfilled what it promised. Also giving Hulk what he deserves, more time on screen, was a great taste.	5
Without any fluff, This was the most enjoyable movie I have seen this year. If there is one thing that it does right, is that it leaves you wanting more! Establishing characters and their interpersonal relationships then letting the viewer interpret it in relation to their own lives is simply fantastic. If anyone is still complaining that it isn't dark enough, then you are welcome to watch the Dark World again.	5
Tremendously funny, great action as well as great visual experience, it might be one of the better action/humor movies you'll see, is not going to be remembered as one of the greatest in the superhero genre, but don't let that stop you.	4
brilliant movie, visually compelling, enjoyable and to be watched more thn one time 3d in the cinema. it is a funny movie, but i should have been more vicious with the presence of great villian like hela	5
Yes, I'm in agreement with almost everyone that this is hugely enjoyable, but the humour can only last so long and when you start using characters as satirical takes on themselves, have you signed the franchise's death warrant?	4
Phenomenal in all ways.	5
This might be my top contender for best marvel movie, I'm a sucker for the outrun themes, as well as norse mythology, with old characters getting more character development, and newcomers being a delight, especially Valkyrie was great, she is a good new addition.Thor finally getting to be the badass Viking God he is, is something I have been wanting for, and this movie did it justice.	5
A huge upgrade from the previous Thor movies	5
Yes, I'm in agreement with almost everyone that this is hugely enjoyable, but the humour can only last so long and when you start using characters as satirical takes on themselves, have you signed the franchise's death warrant?	4
Phenomenal in all ways.	5
This might be my top contender for best marvel movie, I'm a sucker for the outrun themes, as well as norse mythology, with old characters getting more character development, and newcomers being a delight, especially Valkyrie was great, she is a good new addition.Thor finally getting to be the badass Viking God he is, is something I have been wanting for, and this movie did it justice.	5
A huge upgrade from the previous Thor movies	5
Top marks. The comedy was on point, the bar has been raised. Looking forward to infinity wars.	5
Excellent!! Exciting and very funny movie!!!	4
Thor Ragnarok is a masterpiece. From breathtaking visuals to quirky dialogue to amazing action sequences and story this latest Marvel Studio's Film is quite possibly the best yet. This is a welcome addition to the MCU and the best Thor film yet, whilst setting up the future	5
Combine the humour of guardians of the galaxy and the action scenes of civil war and you have Thor ragnarok. This is for me is the best movie marvel studios has made. This is taika waititi kicking down the door of the world of making blockbusters. Can't wait to see if he is involved in any other marvel movies. Best movie I've seen in ages	5
This was the best marvel movie ever	5
Absolutely wonderfully batshit-awesome. :-)	5
Incredible, best Marvel film yet!	5
La mejor película de Thor, y una de las más divertidas del UCM	5
great movie great great great but ALOT OF POST PRODUCTION EDITING. soo those trailer clips you really wanted to see play out not all of them were shown. and the post credit clip was dissapointing. but at the end it was brilliant.	4
Full of Easter Eggs from Marvel Universe. Very good fan film. I was very surprised when I found out that it plays in Poland since 25th of October.	4
It?s tempting to give this five stars straight off the bat but I?ll hold off for a rewatch! Silly, fun, exciting, fresh and colourful. Made up for the disappointment that was GOTG2. Here?s hoping Marvel keeps Taika around for a while!	4
Great movie bringing fun, great music &a new twist to the marvel universe	5
Hugely entertaining, beatifuly shot and very, very funny :)	5
MY NEW FAVORITE MOVIE OF 2017!! Sorry Spidey I love you but Thor RagnaROKS!!!	5
So damn good!Funny & loads of awesome action! [9/10]	4
Great fun film with big names all delivering, Hemsworth has a stand out performance	4
Best superhero movie ever! Ragnarok is like Heavy Metal meets Synthwave! It's epic fantasy sci-fi done at most high quality level! Love all the characters, love the story, love the action, love the visuals, love the soundtrack. I love this movie! Best superhero movie ever!	5
It was okay, mainly because of the action..	3
super fun to watch, a fast paced movie that makes two hours felt like 20 minutes of cool action scenes,comedies and its really fun to see ruffalo new kind of hulk portrayal, he is so different here from the two previous avengers.	3
What a hoot! Chris Hemswarth edges ahead in the 'movie-Chris' charts with a funny and charming turn as the Norse god of thunder in the third and definitely the best of his solo films. This time, he and brother Loki are stunned to find they have a big - and evil - sister Hela, played by Cate Blanchett. After their first violent encounter, Thor ends up in a futuristic fight club run by Jeff Goldblum, who is as hugely entertaining as you'd expect. Add in Tessa Thompson, very appealing as Valkyrie, a shaven headed Karl Urban as Hela's slightly reluctant henchman and Mark Ruffalo, as good as ever as the Hulk. However the biggest asset is director Taika Waititi, a Kiwi, who also voices one of the most fun CG creatures. His offbeat sense of humour and the rumoured heavily improvised script is very entertaining. Cate Blanchett does the best she can, but she doesn't get much nuance in a pretty much all-powerful big bad role.As with all the Marvel films, the effects are huge but is anyone THAT impreseed with CG effects any more? Even the amusing Thor/Hulk fight isn't terribly surprising. A big, loud spectacle but with a nice offbeat sense of humour and appealing performances	4
Just the absolute perfect blend of action, comedy and visuals. All of the cast was putting in a huge effort with Chris, Mark, Jeff and Tessa being the stands. 100% worth seeing!	5
I give 5 STARS cause this movie from the start until the end is very GOOD!!! There's NO BORING scene.. Full action and also funny... Btw, I already watched this movie in Indonesia...	5
enjoyed every minute	5
Action & Adventure, Drama, Science Fiction & Fantasy......these are genres of the film...they missed Comedy.	2
Uma boa comédia travestida de filme de super herói.	5
Absolutely fall in love with everyone in this movie.	5
Great from start to finish, definitely the best Thor movie and a great new direction for the Marvel films post SpiderMan Homecoming. Looking forward to watching it again.	4
Really fun movie, with great action scenes and great characters. The best MCU movie so far!	5
Disney seems to have lost the plot with thi	2
O melhor filme de super herói do ano e um dos melhores da Marvel!	5
Another comedy movie.	0
Absolutely loved this movie. Me and my family went in thinking it would be rubbish since we've never seen Thor but I ended up loving it. Most of the jokes landed action was mind blowing, honestly never knew Thor was this powerful. I will be seeing it again, and purchasing it on Blu-Ray. Jeff Goldblum, HIddleston, and Chris Hemsworth was amazing too. Never seen anything from Tessa Thompson but I loved her, the Villain was amazing too. Never seen anything from Cate Blanchett but she was amazing. So I will definitely be seeing this again.(I'm new to this website, I don't see my review popping up, so if the same review is there multiple times I apologise).	5
Thor Ragnarok Review (SPOILER-FREE) #ThorRagnarokThor Ragnarok is the next Marvel movie in the MCU (Marvel Cinematic Universe) and is the third Thor Movie. Out of all of the Marvel (this regards FOX marvel movies too) movies this year, Thor Ragnarok has had my interest the most. So far this year, Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol.2 was a blast with its very likeable characters, fun entertaining action and it's mostly hit but sometimes miss comedy throughout. Spiderman Homecoming was a breath of fresh air for the character of Spiderman for we finally got a movie that wasn't mainly about setting up future movies and having way too many villains (i'm looking at you amazing spiderman 2) but instead focused on bringing the audience a light-hearted comedy with some really good action throughout. And Logan was a bloody, dark, action-packed thrill-ride of a movie that will go down as the best X-Men movie to date. And now we have Thor Ragnarok.After the last 2 fairly decent Thor movies, I was a little confused on why Marvel would make another Thor movie. After seeing the trailers, however, all of my doubts were gone. I went into Thor Ragnarok expecting what the trailer delivered, a fun action movie with little doses of comedy on the side. I expected it to be a good movie. A movie which if I was asked to rank on the MCU timeline, it wouldn't be down there with Iron Man 2 and 3 but it wouldn't be up there with the Avengers and Captain America 2 (Winter Soldier) and 3 (Civil War). It would be somewhere around the middle. Out of all of the Marvel movies this year, I thought this would probably be my least favourite. I WAS SO WRONG. I walked out of Thor Ragnarok with a huge grin on my face and I can say that it has exceeded my expectations more than any movie has ever exceeded my expectations. This movie is AMAZING. And here's why:The Story:The story in this movie is very all over the place. But I mean that in a good way! Many locations are explored in this movie, you have the surprising beautiful junk planet of Sakaar, the somewhat now dreary Asgard which looks like DC took over the helm of its colour saturation and a couple more. The story is pretty simple. Ragnarok is like the apocalypse of Asgard, Thor needs to stop Ragnarok, Thor gets into some shenanigans, the story goes on from there. It's your run of the mill story but it's told well. The characters all have well-established motivations and their reasons for avoiding/going towards certain objectives are believable. For the story, it's definitely better than the other 2 Thor movies and it goes to some very nice locations too.The Characters:A lot of people regard Loki as one of the best marvel characters in the MCU. This movie further helps keep Loki's reputation. The characters are great in this. Chris Hemsworth is playing Thor for the 5th time in the MCU and this is probably one of his best performances as the God of Thunder. His character is courageous, funny and since he's had about 5 movies, he knows a lot about the cliches he has gotten into and he mocks them just like we would. Our new character Valkyrie is a very sarcastic character who really likes to have a drink. Her introduction is not only a perfect way of introducing her but is also very funny and unexpected due to how you would expect it to be like 'I am Valkyrie, I'm this and that and I want you aboard my ship' but instead you get something completely different. The new villain Hela is one of the better Marvel Villians. When you look back on Marvel and DC, DC is a lot stronger when it comes to their villains (e.g. Heath Ledger's Joker) but now I can see Marvel starting to catch up and honestly see DC starting to go into reverse. Wonder Woman is a good example of the way DC is going for the movie was great but the villain was REALLY bad.But for Thor Ragnarok, Hela does a good job and she's not forgettable, I'll give her that. Definitely, the weakest character but all of the characters are great so that doesn't mean she's bad by any means. And if you want me to explain Hulk, I'll explain him quick. He SMASHES A LOT, he's really funny and has really funny banter with Thor. Bruce Banner (for those who don't watch these movies, Hulk when he isn't angry) is CLEVER A LOT, he's really funny and has really funny banter with Thor.Overall, characters are great. I just want to give a quick side note to my favourite character in the entire movie, Korg. Apparently, Marvel has plans for this character in the MCU and I am very excited about this news because Korg is AWESOME. He's the funniest character in the movie, he's made out of rocks and he's very likeable. The Comedy:Not only was this movie the funniest Marvel movie of the year but I would say that it's the funniest Marvel movie ever. There are 3 types of laughter when watching a movie. The first type is a light chuckle. The second type is a laugh. The third type is a roar. The third type occurred MANY times during the movie and I was part of that same crowd. The phrase hit and miss doesn't associate with this movie at all. Every joke this movie pulls off is hilarious not leaving one awkward silence. The Landscapes:I never really talk about this in movies but I had to for this one. This movie is beautiful. The planet of Sakaar is definitely a highlight of the movie. I literally had my mouth gaping in amazement. The sheer size and beauty of the planet were shown in great detail and the sets on this planet are awesome. As well as that, Asgard looks really great too. The dark look really showed the intensity of the situation and I was reminded of the scope of Asgard too. It's really big and outstanding. There's always something happening on the screen when you're in Asgard, whether it is in focus or not. So yes, I loved the landscapes. Overall, Thor Ragnarok is, quite frankly, a MASTERPIECE and is the best Marvel movie of the year. I've been thinking about it all day and I can't find a single flaw. So because of that, I'm going to give Thor Ragnarok an A+. I'm definitely going to watch it again in the next month.This year has been a great year for superhero movies. Especially Marvel since they have been bringing their literal A game. And since there are no more Marvel movies this year and since Justice League is on the horizon, I'll give my thoughts on where both Marvel and DC rank this year. I'll update this list when I review Justice League (which I most definitely will review)1. Thor Ragnarok: A+ (First Saw On Oct 25th)2. LOGAN: A+ (First Saw On July 11th)3. Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol.2: A (First Saw On April 28th)4. Wonder Woman: A (First Saw On June 1st)5. Spiderman Homecoming: A- (First Saw On July 7th)	5
Better than the last one but still feels like an overextended parody of what should be a movie about the god of thunder. Too many jokes, too many things that seem to came out from the power rangers series and hormonal fanservice as usual. I stubbornly hope that the MCU makes something better than these children's films and show something better in Infinity War	1
It's strange to call a movie featuring hundreds of impalings amusing, but Ragnarok had loads of laughs all the way through. After the Dr Strange interlude set the scene for loads of chuckles and loads of action. Highly recommended. My wife enjoyed it more because Chris gets his shirt off	5
Best Thor movie! Loki adorable and sweety! Totally love it!	5
right mix of fun action and humor love the cameos too	5
Just another awesome Marvel movie, a great pleasure to watch. Everything was just fantastic, the visuals, the storyline, the characterizations, the action. Glad to see Thor lighten up a lot in this movie, and Hella was just an excellent villain who got in on the laughs, too, like when she was explaining to Skurge the role of an "Executioner". Just a great movie, I am tempted to go and watch it again.	5
Thor: Ragnarok has made super hero movies fun again. The jokes feel much more organic and less forced then previous movies. The action is well done and the movie feels less than its 2 hour run time. If you loved Guardians of the galaxy this film is much more its successor than Guardians Vol 2.	5
This movie is something to behold. A shining light for the superhero franchises in its simplicity whilst keeping a rollicking storyline. Heaps of comedy and that NZ sense of humour is just perfect. So enjoyable it is nearly criminal. Ragnarocks!	5
Cheap humor making characters into idiots.Hulk seems weaker than before.I'm disappointed!	2
This movie isn?t just something different to marvel or the superhero genre in general this is a masterpiece in cinema history. Better get an Oscar	5
Colourful cosmic adventure thats fun and sets a new baseline for Thor.	3
Jarring changes in tone and an unnecessary cameo from Steven Strange plus a contender for the worst ?you just took me right out of the film? moment in the history of cinema with another horrible cameo but other than that it was charming, funny and the best Thor movie ever!	4
Thor: Ragnarok is a colourful rollercoaster ride but just like a rollercoaster, it has its ups and downs. The fight scenes involving Thor are visually stunning, thanks to New Zealand director, Taika Waititi. Tom Hiddleston as Loki stands out once again and Karl Urban is also a nice addition to the film. The score is very refreshing with an epic retro feeling to it. Conversely, Cate Blanchett feels wasted as her character Hela is underdeveloped. She has minimal interactions with the film's heroes and appears on screen most of the time to shout exposition. Waititi's jokes are phenomenal but some of them don't deliver and stick out like a sore thumb. Further, due to this comedic tone, some of the characters motivations are just not convincing enough. Most of all, the use of green screens is far too evident in some shots that they begin to break the immersion. Disappointingly, few of the epic shots from the trailer are missing in the final product. Overall, the film is still a blast and by far the best Thor movie but is not the masterpiece expected. 8.5/10.	4
It's the best Thor movie for sure. Taika Waititi did it. The humor was on point, the visual effects (mostly), the cinematography, and overall it's an entertaining movie. They really made Thor a whole new character, which is a good thing. And also, Hulk is an actual character now, and I'm happier than ever to see him the way he is in the comic books. There were a lot of great stuff about this movie, but I can't deny that it isn't perfect. There were some scenes that contains some really bad green screening and CGI, and also the Hela and Asgardians story was a bit weak in my opinion. It could've been better but I liked it for what it is.	3
Very different from the trailers. Extremely funny and marks a more unique film for the MCU. Completely different from the other 2 Marvel films we've had this year and although it wasn't the 'game-changer' that I had hoped it would be having based that on my expectations after seeing the first trailers. The humour and comedy of the film helped keep this fresh and introduced a welcomed break from the norm in the grand scheme of Marvel's 'episodic' franchise. There's a couple of flat moments within the plot, some 'questionable' CGI/green-screen, and a couple of the big action set pieces aren't that memorable, but the great cast and the chemistry between them fueled by the welcomed injection of Taika Waititi's humour and comedy timing makes this a very enjoyable romp earning it's position within the main arc of the MCU.	4
Best marvel film? Seems like it is	5
?It wants so desperately to be Guardians of the Galaxy?The latest Thor film has been getting universally praised across the board because it is ?hilarious?. It?s isn?t, and if that?s what people want from their superhero movies then god help us all. It?s the same old shit, tedious, dull and trying so hard to be fun and quirky that it forgets that it?s a superhero film. The story is pretty standard so I won?t bore you all with the details, and it all feels so familiar. It?s like a bad episode of a long running tv series, a series that is close to running its course. It wants so hard to be ?Guardians of the Galaxy? but the difference is that film was clearly made by people with a hell of a lot more talent. It all looks so fake, all green screen and dodgy production values. It doesn?t feel or look like a multimillion dollar production. I quite liked the first Thor because as a fish out of water type story it was quite enjoyable, the second was awful but this takes things to a whole new level. Everything is a joke, nothing is played straight and it ends up feeling like a really expensive Saturday Night Live sketch. I?m so bored of these Marvel films, apart from Guardians of the Galaxy they are practically all the same. They aren?t ?films?, they are products, and getting in a quirky director doesn?t change anything. It?s still the same shit with lame improvised jokes. Come November everyone will no doubt be slating ?Justice League? for being too dark or serious but at least for better or worse DC are trying a different approach. We shall see, but at this moment I?m all but done with Marvel. They need to drastically do something different but I doubt that?ll ever happen.	2
Brilliant addition to the MCU. Funny, slick and visually stunning, this is the best of the Thor trilogy and shows that Marvel films can look and feel different from their counterparts	5
pros: its a good movie - definetly the best thor movie, its probably the funniest marvel film, its good fun all round cons: predictable - basically a rehash of thor 1 and 2 just done better (same as most marvel films these days), i think motion blur on it was awful (tho i think this was the cinema screen i watched it on not the film itself so dont take that as fact), if you seen the trailer you could predict how things would go while you were watching the full movie	3
Wow wow wow Great visualPlotAction FunnyA movie to watch at least tree time in the cinema 3d	5
as usual, MCU never dissapoint me! but i miss mewmew!!	5
A blast. Great action, lotsa comedy and an awesome cast who are all having the time of their lives. Having said that, the stakes are pretty damn high.	3
I'm waiting for 3rd November ????	5
Loved it!!! Not only a hilarious movie, but a visually stunning one!! Cate Blanchet is a bit over the top but in this movie it's not upseting. One of the best of the MCU. On a only cinematographic point of vue, it's my favorite one.	4
Best Movie of Marvel.	5
One of the best Marvel movie and easily the best Thor movie	5
Excellent in Marvel franchise and made even better and funnier by Kiwi director Taika Waititi.	5
Lot's of humor, awesome fighting scene and great CGI and special effects.	5
Without giving too much away, the question that comes to everyone's mind when a film comes out is "is it good?", well with Ragnarok, at its best it's great and at its worst it's good, charismatic cast with excellent direction from Taika Waititi, this is the Thor film fans have been wanting to see and by far most fun Marvel film.	4
a very friendly, funny, happy and full of colour movie...  Star Wars + GOTG + Happy Tree Friends = Thor 3	4
Relentessly funny and hugely entertaining this might be the best Marvel movie yet and at this stage of the game that's hugely impressive.	5
Jesus christ this movie is bad: you get dozen of jokes just in the first 10 minutes, there is no scene where the movie takes itself seriously, the characters are badly developed or redeveloped (wich makes no sense in an expanded universe) in a stupid way. Even the soundtrack sounds out of place with even the same wrong music during battles.	2
Good film to take the kids too, however the only thing getting us mothers through the film is chris hemsworth. Storyline very lacking	2
Enjoyable fun flick.. Would have scored it a lot higher if almost every scene was played for laughs. Superb cast	3
Went into the film not expecting much. Came out pleasantly surprised, Very funny from start to finish with unique humor, Deep heart string moments can be found, Adventure feel! Pleasant story line with hidden secrets	5
Thor: Ragnarok is not Marvel's best movie. Thor: Ragnarok is Marvel's most fun movie. Seriously Marvel has gambled their next move with balls,Thor 3 is reduced to an unapologetic action-comedy romp but here's the catch; it bloody works. Everything is zesty, colorful and eyecatching coupled with a suprisingly 80's styled synth-wave soundtrack which makes this movie watchable even for the third time. Worth every buck!	4
i can describe this movie with 3 words : bombastic, unpredictable and remarkable. The combination of action and comedy is amazing.The casts (and the cameos) have their own portion to express their character in this movie. also Thor aka Chris Hemsworth is the coolest god in MCU	5
The real 'God of Thunder'!	5
Thor has often been listed as the weak link within the Marvel cinematic universe, his solo films being dragged down by the narrative shying away from the grandeur of Asgard and the nine realms in favour of more ground level stories and bland or annoying characters. The Norse god has only truly shined when Chris Hemsworth has been allowed to let his comedic side come through, as seen in 2015's Avengers; Age of Ultron. Thankfully, Marvel's decision to bring in New Zealand director Taika Waititi (who most will know as the man behind What we do in the Shadows and Hunt for the Wilder People ) pays dividends as we're presented with a film that offers plenty of humour and doesn't take itself seriously, allowing viewers to take a break from the giant intertwined narrative the last 10 years of films have been building and just enjoy it for what it is.Ragnarok follows Thor, who after a series of events becomes stranded on Sakaar, a planet where people are captured and sold into slavery to compete in gladiator tournaments. Thor reunites with Hulk, who has also found himself on Sakaar, and the two of them (with some help from others) set out to escape and stop Hela the goddess of death (Cate Blanchett) from destroying Asgard. It's a simple premise that allows the film to spend a lot more time on comedic moments instead of devoting multiple scenes to explaining what's going on. You can separate Ragnarok into two films, the hostile takeover of Asgard at the hands of Hela, and the great escape style adventure on Sakaar. The latter is decisively more entertaining as it remains mostly separate from the world-ending peril you've come to expect from these types of films. Hemsworth shines as the titular character, clearly relishing in the freedom he has to get a bit more ridiculous with the role. He also benefits from being able to play off some other characters, most notably Mark Ruffalo's Hulk and any interactions he has with mischief-making brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston). Sakaar is essentially a giant trash planet that has been transformed into a palace for the gleefully narcissistic grandmaster (Jeff Goldblum) who pits slaves against one another in colosseum-style fights. This is where we find Hulk, who seems to have more control over Banner now. Adding a voice to the big green giant allows for some funny and surprisingly touching moments and as always Ruffalo's performance as the Jekyll to his Mr. Hyde is sharp and entertaining. There's also a character you meet on Sakaar who will likely steal the whole film for many viewers, look out for a distinctively Kiwi voice (Waititi involving himself in the fun). Cate Blanchett has a lot of fun as Hela, adopting a deep and menacing accent that cuts through any room she's in. Unfortunately, she suffers from the same problem I had with Kingsman: the Golden Circle's villain in that she hardly butts heads with the main group of heroes. This lessens the stakes of the third act as you don't get to know much about her other than her lust for death and destruction. This is a minor gripe though, after all, I mentioned earlier that Ragnarok doesn't take itself seriously. The story is more of a way to lead from joke to joke, although at times it does try (and stumble) to incorporate some emotional moments into the film.The focus on humour here (even more so than Whedon's Marvel movies) also sometimes works to the detriment of the film as it tries to speed from scene to scene without allowing us to get those important moments of character development. This is apparent with Tessa Thompson's Valkyrie, whose backstory is limited to a couple of lines of dialogue and a running gag involving her drinking habits. She's a great character and wonderful addition to the MCU but I would've liked to see more than what was presented at surface level, or at the very least have been able to explore her character without feeling the need to lighten the mood with a joke. The score does its job well but tends to be fairly forgettable like most Marvel films, the only song you'll be humming after leaving the theatre is Led Zeppelin's Immigrant Song (which is used liberally). Ragnarok also drew my attention to a new trend in Hollywood where filming on a sound stage allows companies to essentially change the entire environment that a scene takes place in from the trailer to the film using green screen. There's a moment early in the film that transpires on a grassy cliff face, this exact moment is featured heavily in the trailers for Ragnarok, only instead of a cliff it's set in a New York alleyway. It makes you wonder if this was always meant to be the case and if studios make changes like this more often than we realize.Thor: Ragnarok is a thoroughly enjoyable film. Taika Waititi's dry humour elevates the Norse god of thunder from his rather uninteresting status in previous films and creates a buddy comedy romp that will have you stifling your laughter for the majority of its runtime. It does somewhat sacrifice its emotional moments for comedy, and some of the film's supporting cast are given little to do, but if you are starting to grow tired of Marvel's formulaic adventures then this (like Guardians Volume 2 did earlier this year) may restore your interest in the genre.	3
For Loki love! <3	5
By Odin's beard! It deserves the HYPE!!!	5
Its The Coolest Thing Happened In 2017 <3	5
Best marvel film yet ??	5
Eye popping action, lots of laughs and great characters. Carries on the good work from GOTD Vol. 2!	4
Brilliant - Marvel films are getting better and better. Adult humour and innuendos, good comedy aspect throughout the whole film, very true to the comics and a great cast with great visual scenes. Felt like this was a lot more colourful along the lines of Guardians Of the Galaxy. Can?t wait to see what they do with Avengers Infinity War	5
'Thor: Ragnarok' is the best 'Thor' film so far, and one of Marvel's best overall - up there with 'Guardians of the Galaxy' for laughter and excitement. Thor (Hemsworth) has full licence from director Waititi ('Boy', 'Hunt For The Wilderpeople') to unleash all his humour and charm, which starts very early on, but still allowing big action/battle scenes to unfurl. Loki (Hiddleston) & Odin (Hopkins) are back, but so is their sister, Hela (Blanchett), Goddess of Death, intent on unleashing "Ragnarok" on Asgard - the end of days.It's not all doom and gloom though, as Thor and Loki get trapped on a literal dump-planet, where we meet the Grandmaster (Goldblum) - basically an eccentric Roman emperor, who hosts Gladiator duels. Goldblum gets some great lines and steals almost every scene he's in. This is where Hulk (Ruffalo) comes in and is apparently where he's been since 'Avengers: Age of Ultron'. Some great moments shared between Hulk and Thor, as Thor is trying to escape so he can rescue the people of Asgard from Hela. He's helped by a fallen Valkyrie (Thompson), who eventually comes around.The score is great, and while 80s-synth-ish, is mostly understated. What does stand out is the colour and vibrancy of almost every set - plenty to catch the eye in every shot. But what sets this film apart is it's humour and pacing. Korg, a rock-monster (voiced by Waititi himself) has some great moments, especially since his Kiwi accent stands out so strongly against the rest of the cast. There's a strong Antipodean slant to proceedings, with Waititi, Hemsworth, Blanchett, Karl Urban, Rachel House and Sam Neill all having an impact. A great fight scene at the end, but still plenty of quips and slapstick thrown in. End credit scene sets up 'Avengers: Infinity War' nicely.	4
Really very good indeed. Fantastic direction and a great combination of comic-book story and comic writing. Simple and enjoyable entertainment.	4
After watching this movie, thor is now my favourite avenger.	5
que triste que las peliculas de marvel se hayan vuelto más comedia barata de lo que era	0
Best. Movie. Ever!??	5
Film was as boring as my nan painting a fence. Twice, however my nan likes it	0
best movie on 2017... so funny... must watch!!!!	5
I really liked this movie but I really hated it too. I liked that Thor got a sense of humour but they tried so hard to make you like him on his own - (Oh, here's a joke... oh and another. Laugh, audience, laugh!") Throw in a whole Planet Hulk side plot and we're fully into Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3. It's an identity crisis of a movie that has only, now, made me appreciate the two previous Thor movies for what they were (that I didn't like, before!). I just hope everything isn't one big joke in Infinity War.	3
Brilliant, funny, beautiful, a great movie.	5
I loved every single minute, it's very funny and excitingOne of my favorite movies in the MCU, Taika Waititi (and the cast of course) did an awesome job. I wanna see the movie again	5
the film is quite entertaining and one of the best movies of marvel	0
This movie is masterpiece, if u like marvel movies u should definetly go to cinema. This is the best marvel movie right now,Im totally felt in love.	4
By far the funnest and most comedic Marvel film. Not, however, my favourite. There were some odd scenes, the character arcs felt lacking and I was never invested in any killings or anything the enemy was doing. Would most definitely watch again, though - not only the funniest Marvel film but hilarious when compared to full-blown comedies too.	4
The best Thor movie ! And the best Thor i've seen from Chris Hemsworth !	5
The best comics book movie by far.	5
If you're looking for a Planet Hulk movie don't get your hopes up cause other then a few characters and the fight scene on sakaar there is no real resemblance to the planet hulk comic book or animated movie. Also the actual Ragnarok part of Thor Ragnarok actually only lasts about 10mins. The movie is more like a Hulk and Thor road trip then a end of the world apocalyptic movie like the original comic storyline was. Thats not necessarily a bad thing cause they're being original it's just some people may be disappointed about that. However what this movie does right is making the relationship between banner and hulk more interesting. It's just the small things like Banner having a slight hint of green in his skin and hulk saying things like "no banner just hulk" that make the character that much more interesting. Also we have what I believe is the best hulk/banner transformation where out can really see banner try to fight against the hulk and change back. Also there are some very funny moments especially with Korg who I believe is voiced by the director himself and Hela is a somewhat interesting villain although I feel there were a lot of miss opportunities with her character.	3
Go watch in Imax 3D if you want to grab the mjolnir. I did	4
Thor: Ragnarok, might as well call it Thor: Ascension. Not a jab on the movie being bad, just a remark that the movie is really less about the actual Ragnarok event than it is about a hero's journey. This third installment to the Thor series takes a huge inspiration from Guardians of the Galaxy, adding a whole lot of comedy and humor into what was essentially should've been a universal apocalyptic event. To great effect, to be honest. While not all of the jokes warranted a laugh out loud from me, some of them were just downright hilarious. *cough*Bruce Banner*cough*. This movie has some really awesome fighting scenes, none of the shaky mess we got from Doctor Strange, thankfully. The visuals are mostly superb, aside from 1 scene in particular which really stood out to me. Also, unsure if it is a problem with the movie's editing or the censorship, certain scenes doesn't seem to transition as smoothly as it should've been, which was something that stick out like a sore thumb to me. Nitpicky stuff, really. All in all, Thor: Ragnarok was a fun and enjoyable movie to watch with lots of humor and fun character interactions between the main characters are what makes the movie for me. Also to add, Scrapper 142 was a fun addition into the MCU. Looking forward to Infinity War.	4
So full of glorious action and humor . Must see more than once.	5
A colorful fun adventure	5
Ragnarok is a tough one to review completely without spoiler, so I'll keep this brief:I was bothered by a small number of things that happened in this movie.I was in love with a large number of things that happened in this movie.Thor: Ragnarok is not the MCU's best movie.Thor: Ragnarok is the MCU's most fun movie.Can we please have a worldwide ban on putting anything that happens in the third act of your movie, in said movie's trailers?Thank you for your time. 4 stars.	4
Best night I have had in a while. Very funny.	5
This was by far the best Thor film, it was great to watch in the cinema but it was boring sometimes, but overall great.	5
This is the most fun I had in a Thor movie, they definitely out did their selves for this one, worth the watch.	5
Thor: Ragnarok has arrived and what an incredible, hilarious, action packed, and just straight up fun adventure it is. Just when you think the superhero genre has touched on all the story beats it can, in comes director Taika Waititi (What We Do In The Shadows (2014)) with his spin on a Marvel film that has instantly cemented itself as one of the best. The third entry in the Thor franchise follows our titular hero (Chris Hemsworth) on a mission to strike down the vengeful Hela (Cate Blanchett) and prevent the impending destruction of Asgard, an event known as Ragnarok. All the while coming across a few new and familiar faces to aid him on his journey. This movie's plot covers so much in such a short period of time it's impressive Waititi managed to pull it off as well as he did, it is paced mostly consistently and is a thrill ride that almost never lets up. The performances from new and returning characters are beyond exceptional and everyone, even Hela, gets ample time to shine. Everything from the visuals and the score/soundtrack, to the general tone is derived from Waititi's unique style and it fits seamlessly in this world. Chris Hemsworth is as incredible as ever as the comical yet truly heroic Thor and his journey through this story is one of many emotional highs and lows that have Hemsworth delivering some of his most exciting work. But in a film with a large cast of characters he is at times overshadowed by many of the other phenomenal characters he shares screen-time with. Tessa Thompson's Valkyrie is one of the many shining lights of this movie as she is a total badass. Move over Black Widow and Scarlett Witch, Valkyrie is here and she kicks some serious ass. What I love about her character isn't just that she's insanely strong but she is quite charismatic, has plenty of personality, and even though this is our first time meeting the character I instantly felt like I knew her and that's great character building. Then you have the presence of Mark Ruffalo's Hulk who is such a joy to watch and utilised perfectly here. Much like many of the roles in here, his contributions to the story are very much grounded in both the action and comedic realms and it proves that we really don't need a Thor standalone movie to see plenty of the Hulk we know and love. Now we move on to the villain..... and I don't mean to overhype anything but Hela is absolutely ruthless here and by far one of the greatest villains of the MCU..... i'd go so far as to say she's in my top two. Her black and green getup had me drawing instant similarities to Rita Repulsa from Power Rangers (2017), but the appearance is where the similarities stop because THIS is the Rita we should have gotten. Unlike other villains in the MCU who either stand around boasting about their power or just have thousands of 'droids' do their dirty work you really feel Hela's strength here and she proves to be a formidably tough opponent for the now hammerless God of Thunder. Cate Blanchett is as perfect as the casting gets in this movie as she is so chilling and brings a tonne of gravitas to the role. When she speaks she does so with much conviction and so powerfully you'd just take the fact that she is insanely strong at face value and surrender whilst you're still alive.There are a few other supporting roles I feel are necessary to highlight, firstly Jeff Goldblum was good as the Grandmaster and he plays the quirky role quite well. He isn't given a whole lot to do but when he is on screen he is a joy to watch. Idris Elba is back as Heimdall and his journey here is an interesting one that is crucial to the main plot and integrated into the main run of events pretty seamlessly. And then I get to what many will call the surprise standout role as every time this character is on screen it is beyond hilarious..... i'd say this character is up there with one of the funniest in the entire MCU. This hysterical character is an alien rock creature by the name of Korg played by the director himself Taika Waititi. I kid you not, every time the character opened his mouth I was pissing myself laughing, as was the rest of the theatre. He wasn't overused and had the most on point comedic timing making him the biggest surprise takeaway from this film. Now I need to touch on the real star of this entry in the MCU and why it works so damn well, and that is the looming presence of Taika Waititi over every scene. If you have seen any of his films, specifically What We Do In The Shadows you would know he has a very specific style of humour and filmmaking setting him apart from many other directors. This movie is hilarious from start to finish, but it isn't like the humour you've seen in other Marvel films, a lot of it is very subtle and will almost certainly catch you off-guard multiple times. Visually it is a stunning movie with incredible set design, costuming, and large scale visual effects that rival all that have come before it in the MCU. I saw this in IMAX and it was beautiful, the vast landscapes, scenery, and action sequences are captured so well you lose yourself in the movie on more than one occasion. The music is also another highlight, there is a great combination of score and music that highlights certain scenes very well. Also listen out for when 'Pure Imagination' from Willy Wonka begins to play..... safe to say I completely lost it. So in the end Thor: Ragnarok is an exceptional movie, the best of the Thor franchise and up there as one of the best in the MCU. Taika Waititi brings a breath of fresh air to the MCU with his unique filmmaking style making this a perfect blend of a Waititi film and a Marvel film. The performances of characters both new and old are fantastic and the movie is packed with hilarious moments, epic moments, and it is all very fun. The only gripe I have with the film is that there are a couple of short moments here and there where the pacing dips momentarily but that's only a minor fault as I left without any major dislikes from what i saw. This sets a new standard for the MCU going forward and i cannot wait to see where things go from here. 9.1/10	4
One of the more unique Marvel Movies. The MCU continues its' golden run of movies in 2017	5
By Far the best MCU movie made yet! This movie ticks all the boxes with its colourful locations! Epic action and plenty of humour that knows just when to brighten up when it starts to get dark!*brilliant setting!*awesome action!*awesome plot!*great humour!All and all Thor Ragnarok ticks all the boxes for me and dominates its predecessors! A must see for all Marvel fans and Action Junkies alike!Pssst don't forget to stay after the credits :)	5
As an Aussie, the kiwi humour was killer. As well as that the pacing had me engaged every bloody scene. I absolutely loved it. So much fun. I'm suprised I enjoyed it more than Civil War!	5
So much fun, but never too silly. Pretty much the perfect comic book movie!	4
The last few Marvel films have clearly been trying to move away from the cookie cutter format and this latest addition to the Thor franchise is another step in that direction.Ragnarok has a more playful take on the MCU and attempts to plant more comedy in its characters interactions. Unfortunately, these didn't always work and left me laughing with more of a sympathetic wince than out of truly finding something funny. I wasn't entirely sold on what they attempted to do with Bruce Banner. Both his character and Thor seemed to break off typical characterisation at times and it just seemed weird.All in all, it wasn't the best MCU film we got this year (I'd thought it would be) but it was certainly one of the better ones we've had in recent years and above Avengers: Age of Ultron which is the last time we saw Thor and Banner/Hulk.The award for best actor must go to Blanchett as Hela who does a fantastic job of creating another decent MCU villain. She's not quite Michael Keaton Vulture good but certainly wins for being the most demonic.	3
A great Marvel movie with a lot of fun and some great scenes. Easilly the best Thor Movie yet.	4
I?m loving the new direction of Marvel. Sci-Fi Action Comedy. After the serious Civil War I was so looking forward to this. Probably the best Marvel film of recent years. You have to watch this!! Also post credits scene is Eeeeeek!!	5
A far more humorous take on the god of thunder, definitely go in with an open mind. An incredible movie with superb acting.	5
Amazing movie, interesting from the beginning to the end, beautiful, great character development, one of the best of the MCU movies	5
A mixed bag but ultimately a good film. it has a rough start and is incredibly awkward at the beginning but it gets better the longer it goes on. all scenes on earth seem a bit rushed the special effects don't look complete and the actors don't seem into the scenes or the dialog but once it gets off earth it starts getting better slowly	4
Wow. I loved this movie. I think it may be my favourite MCU flick to date. Hilarious, action packed, fun, and filled with great performances. Stand outs include Thor himself Chris Hemsworth, Cate Blanchett as Hela, Tessa Thompson as Valkyrie and director Taika Wattiti as Korg! The only thing I didn't like about the movie was the Earth sequences as they felt too rushed and confusing. Overall 4.5/5	4
Calling this the best Thor movie ever is an understatement. Unlike the first two films, Thor: Ragnarok is more fun to watch with excellent performances by the main cast and outstanding visual effects. Definitely in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's top 10.	4
Ragnarok is easily the best of the Thor films - a colorful, funny space adventure with cool characters and a great soundtrack.	4
Funny, entertaining and that's about it. Nothing else is even close to good.	2
This movie was AMAZING! They finally got a Thor movie right, super made it up for the first two. Cate Blanchett and Jeff Goldblum were fabulous.	5
Carazy want to see cant wait	5
Brilliant. Thor-oughly enjoyed it.	5
excellent still the best marvel series.	4
Wow best MCU film yet . Every character old and new are brilliant . My expectations were high but very much met . KOrg is the boss	5
I have seen last night in taiwan special efficacy and action part is pretty cool	4
98%, this looks promising. I can't wait.	0
Another stupid movie from marvel.	0
Critics Consensus: Exciting, funny, and above all fun, Thor: Ragnarok is a colorful cosmic adventure that sets a new standard for its franchise -- and the rest of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Running at 98% on RTI cannot wait!	0
This is a very funny movie indeed. It is fun to watch it and it has loads of humour. Is it a fun Marvel movie following the same style as the Guardians of the Galaxy? Yes! However, I feel that this movie and the Thor franchise in general could have been an epic Lord of the rings style meets marvel characters movie. Ragnarok and the Dark World failed in this miserably. The first Thor touched on this a little bit. In my opinion it could have been a great epic fantasy/superhero/royalty/gods movie/trilogy. But I guess Marvel focussed on making a fun movie and it is fun indeed.	3
Oh My Thor this is going to be awesome!!!	0
amazing,fresh and action packed a must see	5
Mighty and Incredible! outrageously funny and action packed. One of the very best as Marvel Studios continues to go from strength to strength! Thunder strikes again!	5
I had so much fun watching this movie. And i spent pretty much 90% this movie picking my jaw off the floor because every scene is amazing, funny is the key word, followed by epic, adventure, excellent fight scenes and brilliant script it felt almost like the whole movie was ad-lib	5
Brilliant! Very funny, great ott action (but not too much), a decent story and a fantastic 80?s synth style soundtrack.Very well directed.Best Marvel movie to date!	4
Brilliantly and starkly funny aiming to pull the trigger on blending action and humour together in the Marvel universe! Everyone gets a share of their moment in their characters and action sequences!	5
Bloody brilliant, funny, and damn good.	5
fantastic movie ,action packed,amazing effects,full of gags ,and enough to feed the appetite of the biggest marvel-avengers fans...loved it	5
A lot better than the other Thor movies and one of the best films of the year	4
This movie shows something I've never seen in MCU. Amazing for its plot setting, pace, visual effect, music etc.	4
Fantastic movie with great humour ????	5
That was a lot of fun! ð???ð???	5
best film of 2017. A good laugh too.	5
ending of this movie is very very disappointing	0
Amazing. Funny. Entertaining and left me wanting more. Good work, Marvel, before today. I thought a good Thor movie couldn't be done. I stand corrected. What's funny is I accidentally payed interest for my ticket but I couldn't care less. Adored it!	5
Thor: Ragnarock. Bold statement alert!! Thor: Ragnarock is hands down Marvel's best film to date. I kid you not, this movie is a masterpiece of comic book fun. I didn't think that Guardians of the Galaxy could have been outdone on the fun and spectacle but Thor: Ragnarock takes things to a whole new level. Everything is perfect. The cast, the script, the humour, the mind-blowing action set pieces and the score, which is absolutely on point and captures the essence of this film to perfection. When I was a young whipper snapper back in 1980 I went to see the film Flash Gordon. You know the one, "Flash I love you, but we only have 48 hours to save the earth" with the killer soundtrack by Queen. What a ride that movie was. I sat in the cinema and I was transfixed from start to finish. Well Thor: Ragnarock captures that style and just sent me back to 1980 with the biggest grin on my face just as transfixed as I was back then. New Zealand director Taika Waititi has outdone James Gunn and has created a film that's 100% pure fun. Chris Hemsworth is having a ball playing 'The God of Thunder' and the banter between him and The Hulk/Bruce Banner played again by Mark Ruffalo is priceless. The Hulk rocks!! Jeff Goldblum is amazing and Cate Blanchett looks really hot. Tom Hiddlestone once again plays Loki but a little differently this time round. Fans of Planet Hulk are also in for a treat with characters Korg and Miek from that story making an appearance. I could write tons more about this film but I'll leave it here. Go and see this straight away as it's the most fun you can have in 2 hours with your clothes on. Look out for some great cameos and two end credit scenes. Marvel have done it again!!! ?????????????????? Justice League has its work cut out and needs to be extraordinary to steal this god's thunder!! Phenomenal.	5
WOW. I am astonished on how hilarious, fun, just simply awesome Thor:Ragnarok is! I had tears from laughing during the movie, it is definitely just as funny as Guardians of the Galaxy. Chris, Tom, Cate and the whole crew including writers did an awesome job. So impressed! Just wish this film had more hype! It deserves it! Simply epic.	5
Absolutely stunning film, especially on an Imax 3D screen.	5
marvel hit the target ð??¯ yet again great soundtrack brilliant loved it	5
Excellent film. A beautiful execution of comedy and action. A film for everyone.	5
Awesome movie! The chemistry of the three characters Thor, Banner and Hulk is just awesome! Damn even Valkyrie is liking Banner! #CoolCharacterDevelopment	5
it's loud and bright and there's a few chuckles to be had but honestly I just want it to wrap up now.I'm feeling the same as I did in the third series of lost, fed up with filler and pap, not really engaged while watching.	2
Hilarious! We can't wait to see it again. Great family fun.	4
While heavily influenced by the style of Guardians of the Galaxy, Thor Ragnarok manages to do its own thing. What an incredibly fun movie with a superb cast acting superbly.	4
130 minutes of sheer escapism. FANTASTIC!	5
Marvel (read Disney) have planned the MCU so well that each romp seems to trump the previous. This outing has a touch of real adult innuendo "your hammer pulls you off?" and "that's the devils anus" are a couple of notable one liners that had the audience sniggering like children.Blanchett is a bad-ass evil in this all out smash with the Hulk finally flexing a little more MCU screentime but also we get a little touch of Strange class that is again quite trippy.A nice set-up for the upcoming Infinity War saga that's due in 2 parts soon and top of my Thor list, it is dark, comedy relief filled and shows just how well developed the scriptwriters are fleshing out our favourite characters.Enjoy! ð???	4
Just watched it and it's the best Thor movie yet maybe best Marvel film of the year. It is so funny!	5
Definitely one of the best Marvel Movies of all time. Directed with precision, perfectly scripted, flawless special effect and exceptional acting - this is one movie you do not want to miss.	5
Very, very good. Hilarious in Taika Waititi i's style and it also manages to move on some good dramatic lines with Hulk, Loki and Thor. Very cool action and it never outstays its welcome. Well done.	4
Ok went to see Thor Ragnorak! Got up early was looking really forward to what has been described as the best Movie in the MCU, wow what have these critics been watching, this is not on par with Avengers, Ant Man or Guardians of the Galaxy but maybe and that's still up for debate the best Thor film. Ok I won't spoil the film with spoilers because it has some admirable qualities but it's unerving problem its trying to tell a story of the end of a noble civilisation with humour and too much which is not funny....A kiwi accented korg...not funny just stupid and what eye did a major character lose because the patch is placed on the opposite one!! Its Ok but no masterpiece!!	2
HUGE PLOT TWIST HUGE!!! I wish I could tell you but I wanyou to see the movie by yourself not better than justice league	5
Absolutely brilliant film	5
With a stellar cast and crew, Thor: Ragnarok never ceases to amaze me. Taika Waititi blends humour and action together in this epic film. It's also WAY better than one and two, and is, in my humble opinion, the finest film of Phase 3 so far. Oh, and Chris Hemsworth is funny as Hel.	4
98% This better be the best damn movie of this year!	0
This looks super dumb. I don't understand the point of a superhero movie that looks like a chaotic mess of frat boys taking NOTHING serious.	0
This movie will blow the justice league out of the water !	5
This is really the movie to finish off 2017.	5
it would be the movie of the year, the story is very interesting,ragnarok is near must prepare for face it,will they do? thor need Aid and here is hulk ,,i have read their comics,and too excited to watch it.	4
THOR RAGNAROK IS AWESOME	0
To funny and Music is awesome!!!?	5
Believe the hype. No. Disney does NOT pay off Rotten Tomatoes critics. Such criticisms are for lazy-brained conspiracy theorists and the film illiterate. It's as fun as everybody says it is.	5
Just a non-stop slapstick, with no real consequences as usual with marvel films. Horribly used villain.	0
I'm 100 percent sure Disney pays off some of the rotten tomatoes reviewers for positive feedback. The movie is average, funny at times. Doesn't deserve a 98. Maybe a 70.	3
Great movie, in my opionion it is the best MCU movie. It has comedy, acton and a good story. It would be even greater if it was totally accurate to Norse Mythology but the first Thor movie through that down the drain but other than that, it was a really good movie.	5
rambut baru... kawan baru... musuh baru dan kekuatan baru... love it...	0
Very Good film. Exciting never before seen a movie this amazing	5
Thor Ragnarok Will be the Best Movie Of The Marvel Cinematic Universe And Will Be Specially Formatted With 26% Only In IMAX 3D	0
This movie is fucking bad	0
it should not be comedy.	0
MARVEL EU TE IMPLOROOOOOOOOOO, como sempre mais competente que a DC.	5
i'm so excited to see it	5
I THOUGHT Thor already beat Loki stories never change I guess	0
a mind blowing marvel film.	5
(Potential spoilers)I was lucky enough to see this film at the screening in London. I wasn't sure what to expect based on the trailers, but I was very pleasantly surprised. The comedy was spot on and it was gorgeous to look at. Some very funny moments that had me on the verge of breaking my ribs from laughter. They really went out there with Thor: Ragnarok and what can I say? It worked so well! Even if you're not a fan of Marvel, you should definitely give this colourful, comedic work of art a watch ; you won't be disappointed! There's something here for everyone, whether it's the plot, the funny moments, the characters, the cinematography. It's a laugh . . . the plot doesn't drag on and you find yourself rooting for the characters. Loki, Hulk, Hela, Valkyrie, Thor himself, even the support characters had me fixated. Hela, let me talk about her. Cate Banchett nails it! She has depth and an actual goal. Hela isn't just there to wreak havoc without purpose, neither is she bland (I'm looking at you, Ultron!) but I find myself looking forward to her scenes. Great job with that one! Taika did a fantastic job! I'll definitely be seeing this again. . .and again.	5
Wow wow wow what a movie. The first two were ok but this one knocks it out of the park and delivers a movie like no other. Just so much fun going on and the the banter and humour is spot on. One character totally steals this movie and that?s saying a lot when you have great performances all round. Definitely one of the best marvel movies and hope it destroys the box office as it should. The Director has crafted something superb. On not to be missed.	5
????? ??? ? ???? ?????.	5
i want to see where is soul stone	0
Best marvel flim yet!!	5
This movie was simply amazing and a lot of fun! This is Thor movie we have always wanted. The cast was amazing and the comedy was spot on. I know a lot of people didn't want a comedy but believe me it works. As a comic book Thor fan it made me happy that they decided to take this chance with Thor and revitalize the character. Well done cast and crew, Thor is re-born with Ragnarok !	5
5/5 for the trailers - cant wait to watch the movie!!	5
Can't wait to see this one, I also highly recommend What We Do in the Shadows by the same director.	0
best movie of 2017!!!!!	0
It was a great movie!	5
Marvel's go-to move since Ultron seems to be doubling-down on the funny. With Thor being the MCU franchise that has a darker tone than CapAm and IM, it's not shocking to see them change Thor's course to a much brighter and funnier path.I just didn't expect the third Thor film to be "Asgardians of the Galaxy".	0
The best comics book movie by far.	5
This Movie and Note 10.	5
The only movie I've been dying to watch this year, come to me~~	5
want to see it so badly...	5
I'm not saying it will be bad. I'm just sick of these type of movies. Lets get some originality in Hollywood more. Thanks	3
The most fun , visually appealing , funny and best looking Marvel movie to date ! Great storyline , dialogue and characters ! Definitely a must watch.	5
I can't wait to see Thor Ragnarok in theater	5
mucha comedia para un evento tan inportante	0
If Thor and Wilderpeople got it on - RAGNAROK is the crazy bastard baby. And it's marvelous! Don't try to critique anything, just strap in for a totally nuts technicolor over-the-top ride that embraces all that is ridiculous about Thor. Full review is now up on Salty Popcorn	4
Taika Waititi has done it again! Thor Ragnarok is hilarious! I does not feel too centered on humour, like GOTG Vol.2. It brings back the powerful thor we saw in his first installment back in 2010. The visuals are stunning, although Marvel could still take some tips from DC and Fox on how to do action sequences. Occasionally there is some dodgy CGI, but it is overshadowed by the excellent script and performances. Every single one of the cast is brilliant! It is arguably the best MCU movie to date, and honestly I'm not sure Avengers Infinity War can top it, especially after the mess (though an enjoyable one) that was Captain America Civil War.Thor Ragnarok has rekindled my love for the MCU	4
SOO EXCITEED!!!!!!!!	0
You know, every time I see one of these Marvel movies highly rated I watch it, and while it's a decent movie and all, hardly what I would call special or anything. I think they pay a lot of these reviewers honestly.	0
one of the best marvel movies ever	5
Rush Hour in space? Psh. Smh	0
Really Good movie using the Marvel Movie Formula	5
????????? ?????????????? ???? THOR ???? ???? ?????????? ???????????????	0
Biz söyleyece?imizi BvS de söyledik	1
100% no rottensó vem filme do ano	0
While there's certainly some over-the-top and breezy fun to be had with Marvel's latest, the frustratingly flippant tone, weak characterizations, and constant tendency to undercut its own emotionality make "Thor Ragnarok" one of the most inconsequential films in the MCU canon.	2
Thor Ragnarok is marvels most awaited movie. It has Acton drama comedy suspens and everything. It's a complete entertainment package.	5
To say I was excited to walk the red carpet at the Thor: Ragnarok premiere and see the film before many others is an understatement. I had been waiting a long time for this movie to come out. Taika Waititi is one of my favorite directions and I was dying to see what he was going to do with this film. When you are looking forward to a movie this much, there is a lot of potential for disappointment. I had a feeling it was going to be fantastic and if my expectations were not met, I was not going to be happy with it. Well, they weren't met - they were exceeded. Here is my spoiler-free Thor: Ragnarok review - and why you need to see it opening weekend (November 3rd)!I am going to start this section off my saying that Thor: Ragnarok reminded me very much of Guardians of the Galaxy. In case you know nothing about me - that is a HUGE compliment coming from me. The Guardians are pretty much my favorite team in the Marvel universe - comics and cinematic. I even have a sleeve tattoo of their faces. So yeah, saying this movie reminded me of the Guardians means I like it. A lot.I already knew how brilliant and funny Taika Waititi is, but this movie really solidified that for me. He not only directs Thor: Ragnarok, but he plays Korg in it. And it isn't like Korg has just one quick scene and that is it. He actually shows up a few times - and steals each scene he is in. Korg is HILARIOUS. I can't even think about this character without giggling to myself. The best part? During our interview (coming soon!), Taika said all of Korg's lines were improvised. ALL OF THEM!Korg is not the only character with some humor - they all are. Loki, Thor, Hulk, The Grandmaster - we see humor from all of them. But not the corny, it gets really old, type of humor that I know some people are afraid of. It fits. I promise you, it works. Thor: Ragnarok is the perfect combination of humor and action. This is NOT a comedy, like so many fear. There are some pretty epic battle scenes that I cannot wait to watch again. Yes, Taika has made sure you will be laughing quite a bit, but you will also be blown away by the fights. I was sucked in to the screen, and even afraid to blink at times. I did not want to miss anything. Those who love action, will be pleased.As you can tell by the movie posters, there is a lot of color in this movie. But it is more than just that. The visuals are stunning - there are a few specific scenes that come to mind immediately. As you probably know, I refuse to give anything close to a spoiler in my reviews. So let me just say there is one battle scene in particular, involving Hela, where it goes into slow motion. I would do just about anything for a painting of that still for my office. Pure brilliance. There is no other way to describe it.It is no secret that this is a stellar cast. They are all veterans and know their craft well. You have Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Tom Hiddleston, Karl Urban, Anthony Hopkins, Cate Blanchett, Jeff Goldblum - I mean, the list goes on and on. But what is truly great about Thor: Ragnarok, is the way that they interact with each other. I had someone ask me who my favorite was in the film and I honestly cannot narrow it down. Each actor brought something to the table in this film, and I am not sure it would be the same without all of them.There is a lot of brotherly love between Loki and Thor, and the friendship between Hulk & Thor (and Banner and Thor) gives me a warm fuzzy feeling. Not to mention how badass the girls (Hela, Valkyrie, & Topaz) are and how much I just LOVED Skurge. He provides some comic relief early on you are SURE to love!In conclusion, avoid spoilers like the plague and go see this movie opening weekend. I don't want even one bit of it to be ruined for you. Get ready to be amazed by the visuals, to have your heart pounding during battle scenes, and to laugh your butt off. Oh, and be sure to stay through ALL the credits. Guys, it is Marvel, I really shouldn't have to tell you this. There are 2 end credit scenes and you don't want to miss either one!Thor: Ragnarok is hands down my second favorite film of the year (nothing can top Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2) and I highly recommend it for just about anyone. You don't need to be a fan of Marvel Comics, or even Marvel Movies, to see this one (but seriously how could you not be?). Don't be the only one who hasn't seen Thor: Ragnarok - check out in theaters November 3rd!	5
The movie is great and Hela is one of the best villains yet. Her background alongside Odin and Loki is really surprising and give us a new perspective about the villains while the plot is surprising enough to make you underestimate Thor's enemies just like he did. Oh, and it has got two post credit scenes, one being about Infinity War.	5
Thor's triumphant return!	5
Great movie. It lines up with marvels more light hearted movies that have been coming out lately. The passing was a little off. But other than that, I'm loving This new take on thor	4
Mike Lindsey, I understand how u feel about a Hollywood making a black girl a white Valkarie. Imagine how I feel being a black seeing white people play black Africans. Example of this is for many years when they make movies about slaves they higher black people. When they make movies about black kings and queens they higher white actors. Hollywood and everyone else would have you believe that the people of Kemet (Egypt) were white, mixed, or anything other than black Africans when in fact that's exactly what they were. So were their Neteru (so-called Gods) but they are African. they only became mixed and Arabs today as a result of invasion after invasion. But I'm just a student of African history so what do i know.	0
seriously...a black girl as valkyrie? an asgardian (nordic) warrior named brunnhilde. that's like having anthony hopkins as martin luther king. sometimes you can change a character's race if it doesn't hurt the story...sometimes it's awkward and inappropriate. they are making a black panther movie. he looked very good in "captain america: civil war". just make movies about characters that are black as written or create new characters and stories with all races. hollywood needs originality and risk taking, not bad remakes and sequels (most of them) and the same old garbage. there are so many great science fiction books that could be great movies (my favorite genre and one usually flubbed by hollywood). hopefully this will be a hit and not a miss for marvel...they do much better than dc in making live action movies.	0
Looks like another mediocre Thor film.	2
this looks great going to watch first day	5
this will also serve as the next Wonder Woman movie.	5
So excited! It looks like GOTG2	0
Saw an early screening... What a joke fest. But hey, what do you expect from Marvel? These movies are becoming more and more primitive as time goes on. At least we have Black Panther to look forward to. Not to mention all the DCEU films. Sick and tired of the MCU insulting the viewers intelligence.	0
Marvel has gone too political, wrecking most every character in the universe including my lifelong favorite thor due to its sjw and political correctness agenda. Odinson continues his depowerment transition into becoming one of the least significant avengers, and the more slapsticky and bafoonish marvel portrays him hence, the less younger generations will understand how once grand this superhero truly was.Thanks marvel for ruining Thor. I wont even torrent this travesty of a film when it becomes available	0
As always, the MCU movies look extremely exciting. I hope this can pull Banner and Thor back to earth at the very end to help set up Avengers: Infinity War.	0
in this one, Hulk is really the best immigrant you can fight against?!	0
I literally can't wait to see this movie! When i tell people about ho excited i am, i literally cant talk due to the excitement! (this is mainly because of Tom Hiddleston as Loki).	0
So not sure if I want this to be my free movie for my birthday at the theater or if I want to wait for a later date (or a rewatch even) but I'm giving it 4 stars now because after the past 2 Thor movies which sadly were not on par with the other Marvel Solo outings I'd say this one looks better, I jsut hope it doesn't end up as more of a disappointment. (let alone hopefully there's more funny and good parts to it than what's in the trailers.)	4
Got my ticket already!	0
It is a marvel movie, what can go wrong?	0
Hay you know it looks like a good movie	0
look another thor movie ..who cares	1
By seeing marvel's track order i'm sure this one also going to suck	1
This movie looks like it won't be like the last 2 Thor movies which were okay at best. I can't wait to see this.	0
Not interested! Looks boring! Justice league all the way!	1
As soon as I saw Jeff goldblum I was done. I hate him. Won't be able to bring myself to watch it.	0
Ok, the Movie looks like they are going for a Guardians Of The Galaxy vibe and it looks fun and I hope it's better than I expect it to. By the way, I am so excited for Thor vs Hulk.	0
buenos efectos visuales	3
I really want to see this movie because Thor, Hulk, Loki, and Lady sif!! And they are gonna be a good team because they are gonna go against this big Evil Witch or something I don't know but anyway this movie is gonna be awesome!!!!!	0
Thor+Hulk= total awesomeness	0
I cannot wait for this movie!! super excited and the trailers look awesome!!	0
Trailers get 5 stars. Hope the movie shows Thor giving the Hulk a beat down. Old school Marvel fans know Thor is the top dog.	5
I really want to see this movie. I like the idea of having Hulk in there.	4
am more highly interested in the end credit scene to see which avengers film comes next	5
Finally a Marvel movie with more hulk!!!!	0
I hope this is Better than Thor 2: The Dark World.	0
After seeing the trailer, I've got to see this movie!	0
So can't wait to see this	5
YESSSSSS!!!!! We knew each other, we are friends from kids	0
It's marvel you have to see it	0
Going to be the best Thor movie we've seen.	5
Never been into the Thor movies but this one looks great.	0
Trailer is 5 starsð'?	5
I don't care if the movie is not out, I still rate it 5 stars	0
Surtur looks amazing and the amazing poster	5
Hope this one is good the other two were trash	0
Yes!! Ridiculously excited for this movie!	0
Thor is back!! I bet this one will be a good one!!	0
Thor: Ragnarok seems to be one of Marvel's most ambitious, colorful and entertaining projects yet.	0
The trailer took me by great surprise. I hope to see a fun tone to in here.	0
Can't wait to see this and I believe this will be the bet Thor movie yet	0
This film is going to be epic	5
can not wait for this movie	0
Why are people giving this movie low stars or even stars when they haven't even watched it? Calm down people, especially those who have idiotic reasons.	0
The first letter of the location of each infinity stone spells out T_ANOS. The soul gem is the stones that sees and watches everything. So does Heimdal. (sorry if I misspelled it.) One clue is Heimdal's eyes are orange like the soul gem. Heimdal has the be one with the soul gem. So he must be the location of the soul gem. T= Tessaract. H= Heimdal. A= Aither. N= Neckless. O= Orb. S= Scepter. This movie has to reveal the soul stone.	5
Thor 3 will be amazing	5
Isn't the bad person that destroyed thors hammer in the ending seen in guardians of the galaxy vol. 2 when they were celebrating yondu's bravery and it showed like each ravenger team and she was in one of them	0
I am so freaking exited!!!!!	0
Yyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeesssssss	0
This Movie is gonna be great. I have a really good feeling about this one, am pretty sure it will be way better than "Thor: The Dark World."	5
I want to seè! Why do we have to wait til November ugh	0
I want to seeð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð??±ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???ð???	5
Looks like Marvel is making a movie that may compete at the box office with Justice League. I still really want to see this movie though.	0
I like almost everything Marvel Studios puts out can't wait to see infinity wars so I'm looking forward to seeing how Marvel moves the story forward.	5
I LOVE Marvel, but Thor's hair!! It's all gone!! So sad, but he still looks good so I guess I'll get over it.	0
marvel is getting down!......hulk vs thor	5
marvel is getting down!......hulk vs thor	5
It's going to have fantastic characters a memorable villain and a story that involves both Ragnarok and Planet Hulk.	0
This is going to be awesome Thor and Hulk, I am so in!	0
This new version of Thor looks amazing I think Hemsworth will have an amazing performance.	0
Cant wait! A bit of a Marvel overload but I can take it.	0
I obviously haven't seen the movie yet but I already know it will be amazing. I mean come on, everything in the MCU is.	5
I can't wait to see it I like how the hulk is in it but how did he get there tho	5
At first i was excited for this but after seeing the trailer it just looks like another marvel movie -_-	1
another comedy letdown by marvel not interested....	1
We demanded a Good thor movie but we got another marvel movie with the same formula consisting cheap jokes & humour And Over-shading of colours to make it more appealing for General audience	1
I really hope this one is better than the other two	0
My clearly biased love for marvel will prevent me from giving any less than five stars.	5
This Thor movie actually looks pretty good and interesting.	0
2008's The Dark Knight Is My Second Favorite Film Of All Time.	3
Tôr is me bid bruber	0
THIS WILL BE AMAZING!!!!	0
A must see for me, don't know if it will be good or bad. I would immediately have the conclusion of it being bad but Taika Watiti is directing it and he has made some great movies.	4
Not the best trailer it could have been better!!! I'm just hoping they will make a better trailer!	0
look likes wonder women 2017 version	0
Thor, Hulk and Doctor Strange in a movie together. Yes please just take my money	0
I don't know the first movie was okay and the second one was okay to but this 9ne I Don know about	1
has the hulk, nough said	5
hulk vs Thor a epic fight	0
The first film was OK the second film was OK I don't really know what to think about the third film	0
I'm a HUGE Marvel comics fan so I'm excited to see this, even though Thor the Dark World was okay...but hey, I still want to see Chris Hemsworth swing Mjolnir around. Yeah, Thor's getting a new costume and I wanna see the Hulk Smash! Oh, and I really wanna see Jeff Goldblum as the Grandmaster!	0
Keep race swapping white characters in the name of diversity!!Seriously, valkrie??? After black panter comes out he ahpuld be played by Tom Hardy. Cant wait till these movies start tanking because of the agenda by Hollywood.....	1
This will be the best THOR movie	0
With The Incredible Hulk in the mix, so awesome dude	5
I enjoyed first two obviously gonna like this one	5
I'll pass on this one, Thor series have been very weak, very predictable, very cliche	0
first Thor ...very unsure of itself, then I actually liked the 2nd great mix of the powers that be, great prep for what's to come. jeff goldblum as grand Master is all I have to say. this will be an epic movie.	5
Jamie Alexander could be the next thor? who knows...?	0
I love all the marvel movies so I can not wait to see this	0
Where is Thor girl friend?	0
The last one was, "meh" but I like the direction Marvel is headed.	0
The best movie to come out on November 3, 2017.	0
I want to see this movie	5
Thor: Ragnarok is just adding to the fun in PHASE 3. Not the most exciting PHASE 3 MCU movies coming up but will definitely add to the fun	4
O wonder if Thor finde out that Loki have his father captured and if they realize how he did it	0
I can not wait to see the new Thur film it will be great Paul Hodgson	0
this movie will be the determining factor to hulk getting a mostly solo movie bringing in red hulk she hulk and the leader	0
I really want to see this movie it would be awsome.	5
The first Thor was solid. The 2nd, upon first viewing I liked, but on repeat viewings it does not hold up as well. I have a feeling, with the interesting director choice, Hulk's inclusion, and Cate Blanchett's casting that this will be the best of Thor's trilogy.	0
The anticipation! It might hold the next or last infinity stone! I just love these things	0
No idea of what would happen	0
Yes I am so going to watch it Thor the dark world was assume	0
i love these movies, they are really cool	0
